r new smells and meet new people... meet ace more stories trust family memorable performances for every age pittsburgh dance council 2025-2026 subscriptions on sale now giving brings art to life. become a donor trust family memorable performances for every age pittsburgh dance council 2025-2026 subscriptions on sale now giving brings art to life. become a donor downtown art galleries free and open to the public harris theater year-round art films liberty magic ranked #1 thing to do in pittsburgh go backstage in the cultural district a new theater, a significant sketch, and a giant duck: three big moments in trust history the cultural trust has been around since 1984 and—if you've joined us at any point during our 41-year journey—you know it's been an eventful ride. read on three icons, one night of celebration: arts leaders honored at the pittsburgh cultural trust gala" for the second year in a row, the cultural trust was proud to honor three outstanding individuals through the 2025 icon awards. meet this year's awardees a puppy’s guide dog training: the benedum center edition on a warm spring day, a special guest approaches the benedum center front doors. he’s wearing a blue bandana and he’s very excited to visit a new place where he can discover new smells and meet new people... meet ace more stories downtown art galleries free and open to the public harris theater year-round art films liberty magic ranked #1 thing to do in pittsburgh go backstage in the cultural district a new theater, a significant sketch, and a giant duck: three big moments in trust history three icons, one night of celebration: arts leaders honored at the pittsburgh cultural trust gala" a puppy’s guide dog training: the benedum center edition looking for more? join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events! email* join looking for more? join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events! email* join looking for more? join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events! email* join looking for more? join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events! email* join email* join join our newsletter! learn more join our newsletter!