orts event attendee sports event attendee power of sports economy power of sports economy weddings & reunions weddings & reunions media media partners partners discover your persona outdoor adventure the ultimate urban excursion awaits! golf, boat, bike and explore the outdoors in pittsburgh wrapped in rivers, intertwined with trails and packed with parks, pittsburgh is full of outdoor adventure. bike, walk or rollerblade miles of riverfront trails, soaking in fantastic urban views. bicycle rentals are available along the trail. guided hikes offer another way to see the city. rent a kayak and paddle your way along the river. pittsburgh boasts a lush and diverse landscape and is filled with endless recreational opportunities for every outdoor enthusiast. golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more parks & trails western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the u.s. on foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience pittsburgh and allegheny county trails and parks are endless. hike, bike, hunt, fish or ride through the many beautiful city, county and state parks if your wanderlust reaches beyond the city limits, head off on the 150-mile great allegheny passage, which begins at pittsburgh's point state park, links with the c&o canal towpath in maryland and then takes you all the way to the nation's capital for a spectacular 335-mile trail adventure! take time to enjoy a detour on the montour trail - 60 miles of scenic pedestrian & bicycle rail-trail from coraopolis on the ohio river to clairton on the monongahela. download the official guide for pennsylvania state parks & forests app for iphone and android before setting off on your visit to pittsburgh and its countryside. please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. related blogs the best pittsburgh rock climbing spots learn more top 12 pittsburgh public golf courses learn more 5 spectacular stops along the great allegheny passage learn more 10 things to do on pittsburgh’s three rivers learn more pittsburgh in two hours learn more pittsburgh: an urban adventure destination learn more 25 famous pittsburgh bridges learn more to