acular 335-mile trail adventure! take time to enjoy a detour on the montour trail - 60 miles of scenic pedestrian & bicycle rail-trail from coraopolis on the ohio river to clairton on the monongahela. download the official guide for pennsylvania state parks & forests app for iphone and android before setting off on your visit to pittsburgh and its countryside. parks & trails western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the u.s. on foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience pittsburgh and allegheny county trails and parks are endless. hike, bike, hunt, fish or ride through the many beautiful city, county and state parks if your wanderlust reaches beyond the city limits, head off on the 150-mile great allegheny passage, which begins at pittsburgh's point state park, links with the c&o canal towpath in maryland and then takes you all the way to the nation's capital for a spectacular 335-mile trail adventure! take time to enjoy a detour on the montour trail - 60 miles of scenic pedestrian & bicycle rail-trail from coraopolis on the ohio river to clairton on the monongahela. download the official guide for pennsylvania state parks & forests app for iphone and android before setting off on your visit to pittsburgh and its countryside. parks & trails parks & trails western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the u.s. on foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience pittsburgh and allegheny county trails and parks are endless. hike, bike, hunt, fish or ride through the many beautiful city, county and state parks if your wanderlust reaches beyond the city limits, head off on the 150-mile great allegheny passage, which begins at pittsburgh's point state park, links with the c&o canal towpath in maryland and then takes you all the way to the nation's capital for a spectacular 335-mile trail adventure! take time to enjoy a detour on the montour trail - 60 miles of scenic pedestrian & bicycle rail-trail from coraopolis on the ohio river to clairton on the monongahela. download the official guide for pennsylvania state parks & forests app for iphone and android before setting off on your visit to pittsburgh and its countryside. western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the u.s. on foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience pittsburgh and allegheny county trails and parks are endless. hike, bike, hunt, fish or ride through the many beautiful city, county and state