r enthusiast. wrapped in rivers, intertwined with trails and packed with parks, pittsburgh is full of outdoor adventure. bike, walk or rollerblade miles of riverfront trails, soaking in fantastic urban views. bicycle rentals are available along the trail. guided hikes offer another way to see the city. rent a kayak and paddle your way along the river. pittsburgh boasts a lush and diverse landscape and is filled with endless recreational opportunities for every outdoor enthusiast. golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy champ