more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more golf pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. pennsylvania is home to more than 500 public golf courses, with many of the best located in the pittsburgh area. enjoy championship play that is second to none. see more see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more fishing, kayaking & boating the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. the pittsburgh region provides almost unlimited opportunities for fishing and boating fun. pittsburgh's rivers are ideal for sculling, kayaking, canoeing and powerboating. see more see more parks & trails western pennsylvania is home to some of the most diverse landscape in the u.s. on foot, by bike or in the water, the ways to experience pittsburgh and allegheny county trails and parks are endless. hike, bike, hunt, fish or ride through the many beautiful city, county and state parks if your wanderlust reaches beyond the city limits, head off on the 150-mile great allegheny passage, which begins at pittsburgh's point state park, links with the c&o canal towpath in maryland and then takes you all the way to the nation's capital for a spectacular 335-mile trail adventure! take time to enjoy a detour on the montour trail - 60 miles of scen