s well as pre-k through 12th grade full-time teachers can join now for discounted prices to pso performances. learn more time left to complete order time left to complete order time left to complete order come swing with me fri, oct 3 - sun, oct 5, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra live music concert ben folds tue, oct 7, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra speaker series: anthony fauci wed, oct 8, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra talks & poetry new series: saturday sessions have you ever listened to a piece and wanted to know the story behind it? that’s exactly what you’ll get at our new concert series: saturday sessions. learn more countdown to christmas! the holidays are fast approaching! secure your spot in heinz hall to celebrate pittsburgh's most timeless seasonal activity with the pittsburgh symphony orchestra. learn more on sale now: discovery & drinks discover the pittsburgh symphony in your community! these events feature pso ensembles in diverse and intimate settings around pittsburgh. learn more come swing with me fri, oct 3 - sun, oct 5, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra live music concert ben folds tue, oct 7, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra speaker series: anthony fauci wed, oct 8, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra talks & poetry new series: saturday sessions have you ever listened to a piece and wanted to know the story behind it? that’s exactly what you’ll get at our new concert series: saturday sessions. learn more countdown to christmas! the holidays are fast approaching! secure your spot in heinz hall to celebrate pittsburgh's most timeless seasonal activity with the pittsburgh symphony orchestra. learn more on sale now: discovery & drinks discover the pittsburgh symphony in your community! these events feature pso ensembles in diverse and intimate settings around pittsburgh. learn more come swing with me fri, oct 3 - sun, oct 5, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra live music concert ben folds tue, oct 7, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra speaker series: anthony fauci wed, oct 8, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra talks & poetry come swing with me fri, oct 3 - sun, oct 5, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra live music concert come swing with me fri, oct 3 - sun, oct 5, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra live music concert ben folds tue, oct 7, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra ben folds tue, oct 7, 2