concert ben folds tue, oct 7, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra ben folds tue, oct 7, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra speaker series: anthony fauci wed, oct 8, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra talks & poetry speaker series: anthony fauci wed, oct 8, 2025 heinz hall pittsburgh symphony orchestra talks & poetry new series: saturday sessions have you ever listened to a piece and wanted to know the story behind it? that’s exactly what you’ll get at our new concert series: saturday sessions. learn more new series: saturday sessions have you ever listened to a piece and wanted to know the story behind it? that’s exactly what you’ll get at our new concert series: saturday sessions. learn more countdown to christmas! the holidays are fast approaching! secure your spot in heinz hall to celebrate pittsburgh's most timeless seasonal activity with the pittsburgh symphony orchestra. learn more countdown to christmas! the holidays are fast approaching! secure your spot in heinz hall to celebrate pittsburgh's most timeless seasonal activity with the pittsburgh symphony orchestra. learn more on sale now: discovery & drinks discover the pittsburgh symphony in your community! these events feature pso ensembles in diverse and intimate settings around pittsburgh. learn more on sale now: discovery & drinks discover the pittsburgh symphony in your community! these events feature pso ensembles in diverse and intimate settings around pittsburgh. learn more subscriptions available for the 25/26 season! reserve your spot for the upcoming season for the best price, and view the lineup of unforgettable performances coming next season. learn more choose your own subscriptions are back! our choose your own packages let you save 15% off single ticket prices when you choose 3 or more concerts from pnc pops, movies, or bny classics concerts. learn more new iconic films with live orchestra experience your favorite films on the big screen with iconic scores performed live by your pittsburgh symphony orchestra. learn more student side-by-side applications open oct. 1! this program for high school students in grades 9-12 invites talented teen musicians to experience the power of making music inside a full symphony orchestra. learn more rad pass: year-round fun for everyone announcing the year-long expansion of rad pass, an online ticketing platform that gives allegheny county library cardholders free and discounted access to some of the region’s most be