ives allegheny county library cardholders free and discounted access to some of the region’s most beloved cultural destinations, like the pittsburgh symphony orchestra.. learn more pso go full-time high school, college and graduate/post-graduate students as well as pre-k through 12th grade full-time teachers can join now for discounted prices to pso performances. learn more subscriptions available for the 25/26 season! reserve your spot for the upcoming season for the best price, and view the lineup of unforgettable performances coming next season. learn more choose your own subscriptions are back! our choose your own packages let you save 15% off single ticket prices when you choose 3 or more concerts from pnc pops, movies, or bny classics concerts. learn more new iconic films with live orchestra experience your favorite films on the big screen with iconic scores performed live by your pittsburgh symphony orchestra. learn more student side-by-side applications open oct. 1! this program for high school students in grades 9-12 invites talented teen musicians to experience the power of making music inside a full symphony orchestra. learn more rad pass: year-round fun for everyone announcing the year-long expansion of rad pass, an online ticketing platform that gives allegheny county library cardholders free and discounted access to some of the region’s most beloved cultural destinations, like the pittsburgh symphony orchestra.. learn more pso go full-time high school, college and graduate/post-graduate students as well as pre-k through 12th grade full-time teachers can join now for discounted prices to pso performances. learn more subscriptions available for the 25/26 season! reserve your spot for the upcoming season for the best price, and view the lineup of unforgettable performances coming next season. choose your own subscriptions are back! our choose your own packages let you save 15% off single ticket prices when you choose 3 or more concerts from pnc pops, movies, or bny classics concerts. new iconic films with live orchestra experience your favorite films on the big screen with iconic scores performed live by your pittsburgh symphony orchestra. learn more student side-by-side applications open oct. 1! this program for high school students in grades 9-12 invites talented teen musicians to experience the power of making music inside a full symphony orchestra. rad pass: year-round fun for everyone announcing the year-long expansion of rad pass, an onlin