me, follows four impoverished parisian artists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more diamond diva disco the diamond diva disco gets groovy on saturday, october 11, 2025 at the bitz opera factory! learn more piece by piecesponsor the story choose your moment: light the candles, let the snow fall, and step into the spotlight.sponsor a piece of the show, beginning at just $65! learn more noteworthy join noteworthy, pittsburgh opera’s monthly giving society, today. learn more where can we take you? new to the opera? let's get your opera journey started with some opera mythbusting! opera orientation news & announcements dock divas on for this tuesday, sept 30! learn more compass point coffee supports fellow travelers learn more meet the opera stars of tomorrow! rising stars returns view news & announcements close no events events ‹ › today jump to: jan feb mar apr may jun jul aug sep oct nov dec view full events calendar connect subscribe subscribe la bohème see the opera that inspired the broadway musical rent! puccini’s most celebrated opera, la bohème, follows four impoverished parisian artists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more diamond diva disco the diamond diva disco gets groovy on saturday, october 11, 2025 at the bitz opera factory! learn more piece by piecesponsor the story choose your moment: light the candles, let the snow fall, and step into the spotlight.sponsor a piece of the show, beginning at just $65! learn more noteworthy join noteworthy, pittsburgh opera’s monthly giving society, today. learn more where can we take you? new to the opera? let's get your opera journey started with some opera mythbusting! opera orientation la bohème see the opera that inspired the broadway musical rent! puccini’s most celebrated opera, la bohème, follows four impoverished parisian artists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more diamond diva disco the diamond diva disco gets groovy on saturday, october 11, 2025 at the bitz opera factory! learn more piece by piecesponsor the story choose your moment: light the candles, let the snow fall, and step into the spotlight.sponsor a piece of the show, beginning at just $65! learn more noteworthy join noteworthy, pittsburgh opera’s monthly giving society, today. learn more where can we take you? new to the opera? let's get your opera journey started with some opera mythbusting! opera orientation la bohème see the opera that inspired the broad