rtists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more diamond diva disco the diamond diva disco gets groovy on saturday, october 11, 2025 at the bitz opera factory! learn more piece by piecesponsor the story choose your moment: light the candles, let the snow fall, and step into the spotlight.sponsor a piece of the show, beginning at just $65! learn more noteworthy join noteworthy, pittsburgh opera’s monthly giving society, today. learn more where can we take you? new to the opera? let's get your opera journey started with some opera mythbusting! opera orientation la bohème see the opera that inspired the broadway musical rent! puccini’s most celebrated opera, la bohème, follows four impoverished parisian artists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more diamond diva disco the diamond diva disco gets groovy on saturday, october 11, 2025 at the bitz opera factory! learn more piece by piecesponsor the story choose your moment: light the candles, let the snow fall, and step into the spotlight.sponsor a piece of the show, beginning at just $65! learn more noteworthy join noteworthy, pittsburgh opera’s monthly giving society, today. learn more where can we take you? new to the opera? let's get your opera journey started with some opera mythbusting! opera orientation la bohème see the opera that inspired the broadway musical rent! puccini’s most celebrated opera, la bohème, follows four impoverished parisian artists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more diamond diva disco the diamond diva disco gets groovy on saturday, october 11, 2025 at the bitz opera factory! learn more piece by piecesponsor the story choose your moment: light the candles, let the snow fall, and step into the spotlight.sponsor a piece of the show, beginning at just $65! learn more noteworthy join noteworthy, pittsburgh opera’s monthly giving society, today. learn more where can we take you? new to the opera? let's get your opera journey started with some opera mythbusting! opera orientation la bohème see the opera that inspired the broadway musical rent! puccini’s most celebrated opera, la bohème, follows four impoverished parisian artists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more la bohème see the opera that inspired the broadway musical rent! puccini’s most celebrated opera, la bohème, follows four impoverished parisian artists surviving on little more than friendship and passion. learn more la bohème