tion of fact. in general, taxable activity includes any activity by a person or institution engaging in a service for which a charge is made. (b) a person or institution who engages in a taxable activity in pittsburgh, is subject to this tax, whether he is a resident or whether he has a permanent location in pittsburgh. section 105. – receipts from governmental agencies and non-profit organizations. (a) receipts from sales made or services rendered to all government bodies, including authorities, and to religious, charitable and educational corporations and associations shall not be excluded

from the tax base. receipts from third party payments made by government agencies for services rendered to others shall be included in the tax base. (b) notwithstanding the above, exempt receipts and receipts of exempt institutions are excluded from the tax base. section 106. – references to federal statutes all references in these regulations to federal statutes are intended to include references to federal statutes in effect on january 1, 2020, without regard to any later amendment or repeal. -9- article ii returns section 201. — filing return. (a) except as to new business, both the tax return and payment of the tax are due on april 15th of every year. (b) forms may be obtained from the city treasurer, city-county building, pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15219. failure to receive the forms will not excuse a taxpayer for failure to file his return. (c) the return must be filed with the city treasurer, city-county building, pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15219. (d) if the taxpayer is an individual, he shall sign the return. if the taxpayer is a corporation or unincorporated entity, a director, president, trustee or officer may sign the return. (e) if a taxpayer maintains more than one location in pittsburgh, he is required to file only one (1) return and may include therein the receipts from transactions occurring in all his locations in pittsburgh. where one (1) return covers more than one (1) location, a schedule shall be attached to the return showing the various locations at which the taxpayer conducts business in pittsburgh. section 202. — payment of tax. payment of tax may be made in cash, or by check or money order drawn to the order of the treasurer of the city of pittsburgh. cash payments must be made only to a cashier in the department of treasurer, city-county building, pittsburgh, pennsylvania. section 203.—tax rate. the rate of tax is six (6) mills on each dollar of