cing such service, file a return with the treasurer setting forth the name, the service rendered, the institution address and such other information as may be necessary in arriving at the actual volume of services transacted by it during the first month of service and amount of tax due. (e) every person or institution subject to the payment of the tax imposed by this ordinance who engages in a service temporary, seasonal or itinerant by its nature shall, with seven (7) days from the day it completes such service, file a return with the treasurer setting forth its name, service, the person or institution address and such other information as may be necessary in arriving at the actual gross volume of service, during the tax period and the amount of tax due. section 302. – taxable gross receipts (a) cash, credits, property of any kind or nature received in or allocable to the city from any institution by reason of any transaction or any service without deduction therefrom on account of property sold, materials used, labor, service or other cost, interest or discount paid, or any other expense. -11- (1) includes payments from insurance or other third-party payments for the cost of service. all forms of government third-party payments, income or grants for service, received by the institution such as medicare, medicaid and general assistance receipts, are subject to tax. (2) excludes exempt receipts or receipts of exempt institutions. (b) to assist in the review of taxable gross receipts, the taxpayer shall attach a duplicate of any form 990-t filed with the internal revenue service for the most recent period. -12- article iv determination of tax base section 401. — inclusions. the tax is imposed on every person engaging in any institutional or non-profit service in the city of pittsburgh. the tax is not imposed on exempt institutions. section 402. – pittsburgh receipts. (a) general. except for receipts associated with interstate commerce, receipts from any transaction shall be attributable to pittsburgh, if any event forming a part of the transaction occurs within pittsburgh or the taxpayer’s only office is located within the city and the service is offered from a pittsburgh location. (b) any receipts arising from institutional on non-profit service to the general public or any select or limited number thereof, is taxable if a charge is made. intrastate receipts from services which are the result of business activities carried on through a branch office locate