of congress which are instrumentalities of the united states, including any entity described in 26 u.s.c. § 501(l); (2) the united states, any state or political subdivision thereof, any authority of the state or local government, any elementary or secondary school within the city (public or private), and any federal, state, or municipal pension plan; (3) any institution of purely public charity, under 10 p.s. § 371, that provides the evidence required by 10 p.s. § 376(a); (4) any insurance company regulated by the pennsylvania insurance department; (5) any utility regulated by the pennsylvania utility commission; (6) any voluntary employee’s beneficiary association described in 26 u.s.c. § 501(c)(9), or any qualified pension or retirement plan or trust of a private employer or a multiemployer plan or trust; including any qualified plan or trust described under; 26 u.s.c. § 501(c)(22); 26 u.s.c. § 501(c)(24); or 26 u.s.c. §§ 501(c)(25)(c)(i), (ii) or (iii); (7) any regulated financial institution under the tax reform code of 1971, 72 p.s. § 7401(6); and. (8) any organization exempt from tax under 26 u.s.c. 501, which is not listed in the classes of taxable institutions under section 101(e) of these regulations. (c) "gross receipts" - cash, credits, property of any kind or nature received in or allocable to the city of pittsburgh from any institution by reason of any service rendered in the city, without deduction therefrom on account of property sold, materials used, labor, service, or other cost, interest or discount paid, or any other expense. (1) “gross receipts" shall include payments from insurance or other third-party payments for the cost of service; (2) “gross receipts” shall include payments for service rendered to affiliates or subsidiaries. (3) “gross receipts” shall include any payment, income, grants, or other aid from federal, state or local governments, including the medicare and medicaid programs as well as pennsylvania general assistance. -5- (4) “gross receipts” shall exclude receipts subject to the city mercantile license tax, the city business privilege tax, the earned income tax, or any taxes collected as an agent for any government (such as sales taxes). at this time, the city does not collect any mercantile license tax or business privilege tax. (5) “gross receipts” shall exclude membership fees, dues of the members of the institution, voluntary or charitable contributions unrelated to individual service or assessments which fall eq