in the city of pittsburgh, medical, educational, beneficial, social, recreational, vocational, or any other type of service for which a charge is made, as a non-profit entity and which is not a business subject to the city business privilege tax. a service does not include the sale or rental of personal property. such service, when provided by a taxable institution, is an “institutional service.” (f) "taxable institution" - any person, organization, foundation, corporation or unincorporated association operating under a non-profit charter or recognized as a non-profit entity by the commonwealth of pennsylvania, including, but not limited to, hospitals, nursing homes, colleges, universities, schools other than elementary and secondary schools, cemeteries, veterans organizations, recreational centers, fund-raising organizations and all other organizations which provide service to the public, listed under section 101(d) of these regulations. the phrase “taxable institution” shall not include any exempt institution or any entity or unincorporated association that is not a “person.” (g) “tax” – means the institution and service privilege imposed by title two, article vii, chapter 247 of the city of pittsburgh code of ordinances. (h) "tax year” - the twelve-month period from january 1 to december 31. (i) “taxpayer” includes any person or institution subject to the privilege tax that is not an exempt institution or any entity or unincorporated association that is not a “person.” (j) "treasurer" - the treasurer of the city of pittsburgh. section 102. — who must file a return. (a) every person or taxable institution engaging in a non-profit service in the city of pittsburgh. (b) every person or taxable institution subject to the tax imposed by ordinance shall forthwith register with the treasurer and set forth the name, address and nature of the service activity in which it is engaged and shall obtain the license required by section 247.05 of the pittsburgh code of ordinances. -8- section 103.—tax base. the gross receipts of every person engaged in any institution or non-profit service in the city of pittsburgh. specifically excluded from tax are exempt receipts. section 104.—what constitutes rendering services in pittsburgh. (a) whether or not a person carries on a taxable activity within the meaning of the institution and service privilege tax is essentially a question of fact. in general, taxable activity includes any activity by a person or institution engaging