from services which are the result of business activities carried on through a branch office located outside pittsburgh, are taxable if such services are performed in pittsburgh if the service is offered from the city. (c) persons engaging in any institutional or non-profit service be it professional, commercial, or personal services, are subject to the tax. if a person engaging in any institutional or non-profit service only maintains a place of business in the city of pittsburgh, the entire receipts from intrastate activity in the commonwealth from personal services must be included in the measure of the tax, whether or not the services are performed in pittsburgh. receipts will be deemed attributable to pittsburgh, if they result from the efforts of employees who work in, or from or are attached to taxpayer's pittsburgh place of business. if any taxpayer is subject to privilege tax in two or more jurisdictions in pennsylvania, he may request a ruling from the treasurer to address the issue of potential double taxation. (d) receipts associated with interstate commerce shall be apportioned to the city by multiplying total receipts earned everywhere times the city apportionment percentage. the city apportionment percentage is the sum of the following three apportionment factors: payroll percentage factor, property percentage factor, and sales percentage factor, divided by three. if one of the percentage factors is zero, the denominator shall be two. if two of the percentage factors are zero, the dominator shall be one. in no event can a percentage factor be less than zero. (1) the payroll percentage factor shall be payroll reported by the taxpayer subject to city local earned income tax divided by total payroll reported on federal form 940. if the taxpayer only has one office in the commonwealth and that office is in the city, the numerator of the payroll percentage factor shall be total payroll reported to the pennsylvania department of revenue. (2) the property percentage factor shall be the sum of tangible property located in the city divided by the sum of tangible property located everywhere in the united states, determined as of december 31. property shall be recorded at its original cost before any depreciation, amortization, or cost depletion. leased property -13- shall be recorded as an item of tangible property at eight (8) times annual rent for the leased property. movable property is in the city if it is in the city on december 31 of the calend