the treasurer, in person with his books, records or accounts for examination when required under the provisions of the institution and service privilege tax ordinance, to do so, or who willfully refuses to permit inspection of the books, records or accounts of any services in custody or control, when the right to make such inspection by the treasurer is requested, shall upon summary conviction thereof, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or to undergo imprisonment for not more than thirty (30) days. (c) whoever willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by the institution and service privilege tax ordinance, shall, upon summary conviction thereof, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or undergo imprisonment for not more than thirty (30) days. section 504. – remedies not mutually exclusive the remedies provided in this article are not mutually exclusive. the utilization by the treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other. moreover, use of either or both of the remedies provided in these sections does not preclude the use by the city of pittsburgh of any other legal or

administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the taxpayer with the provisions of chapter 241 of the pittsburgh code and these regulations. once it has been determined that that a taxpayer owes a tax, the treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim. such action may include obtaining additional information, auditing taxpayer records, entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax, or obtaining liens on the taxpayer’s property, wage attachments, levies, and seizures and sales of the taxpayer’s property in appropriate circumstances. the treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments if the treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection. the treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due, and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances. -16- article vi taxpayer remedies section 601. – treasurer (director) hearings (a) any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the treasurer shall, within ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment, request a treasurer’s hearing on a form obtained from the treasurer for that purpose. 53 pa.c.s. § 8431. the treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a taxpayer for a he