e leased property. movable property is in the city if it is in the city on december 31 of the calendar year. if the taxpayer only has one office in the commonwealth and that office is in the city, the numerator of the property percentage factor shall be sum of tangible property located in the commonwealth. (3) the sales percentage factor shall be gross receipts from services provided in the city or offered from a city location divided by gross receipts everywhere. if additional guidance is required with regard to the definition of sales, the taxpayer shall follow the practice of the pennsylvania department of revenue under the corporate net income tax provisions of the tax reform act, 72 p.s. § 7401, so long as such practice is not inconsistent with the purposes of the privilege tax. (4) a taxpayer is engaged in interstate commerce if it is subject to tax in another jurisdiction, outside the commonwealth, on its net income or on its gross receipts. a taxpayer can show it is subject to tax in another jurisdiction by providing copies of tax returns filed with taxing jurisdictions outside the commonwealth. if intrastate receipts are co-mingled with interstate activity, all receipts shall be considered interstate receipts. (5) if the application of the city apportionment percentage results in the same gross receipts of the taxpayer being taxable, for gross receipts or privilege tax purposes, by two or more jurisdictions in the united states, the taxpayer may approach the treasurer for a ruling to avoid this double taxation, such as receiving a credit for gross receipts or privilege taxes paid elsewhere, or by a modification of the city apportionment percentage. no credit will be granted by the city for net income taxes, excise taxes, or transaction taxes paid to another jurisdiction. -14- article v suits for collection, penalties, etc. section 501. — suits for recovery of unpaid taxes. (a) the following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes. (1) when a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later. where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes. (2) in the case of a deficiency assessment, suit shall be filed within three (3) years after the assessment has been made. (b) the limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the institution of a su