pittsburgh, pennsylvania. section 203.—tax rate. the rate of tax is six (6) mills on each dollar of annual receipts. (six mills equals $6.00 per $1,000 or 6/10 of 1%). in no event may the rate of tax on proprietors of restaurants and other places where food, drink and refreshments are served exceed two (2) mills on each dollar of annual receipts. 53 p.s. § 6924.311(2). (two mills equals $2.00 per $1,000 or 2/10 of 1%). section 204. – penalties and interest. if the tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate of one percent (1%) per month shall be added to the amount of the tax. in addition, a penalty of one-half of one percent (0.5%) of the amount of the unpaid tax or each month or fraction thereof, during which the tax remains unpaid, shall be added and collected. -10- article iii taxability section 301.—period used in calculating the tax. (a) the tax is measured by the amount of service transacted by the taxpayer or institution during the entire receding calendar year, except for those taxpayers: (1) who were not in service during the whole of the preceding calendar year, or (2) who began services during the current calendar year, or (3) whose service is temporary, seasonal or itinerant. (b) every person subject to the tax imposed by this ordinance, who has commenced its service at least one (1) full year prior to the beginning of any tax year shall, on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of april , following and annually thereafter, file with the treasurer, a return setting forth the name, the service rendered, the person or institution address and such other information as may be necessary, in arriving at the annual gross volume of services transacted by it during the preceding year and amount of tax due. (c) every person or institution subject to the tax imposed by this ordinance, who has commenced its service less than one (1) full year prior to the beginning of the tax year shall, on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of april, following, file with the treasurer a return and compute its annual gross receipts, for such tax year upon the gross receipts generated by the services transacted within the city during the first month it engages in such service activity multiplied by twelve (12). (d) every person subject to the tax imposed by ordinance, who commences, subsequent to the beginning of the tax year, shall within forty days from the date of commencing such service, file a return with the treasurer setting forth the name, the service rendered, th