been made. (b) the limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases: (1) when no return was filed, there is no limitation. (2) when the return is fraudulent, there is no limitation. (3) when there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty-five (25%) or more, and not due to fraud, suit must be begun within six (6) years. (4) a return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date. section 502. — penalty and interest for non-payment. (a) if, however, any taxpayer shall fail to make any report and payment as herein required a penalty at the rate of one-half of one percent (0.5%) per month for each month or a fraction of a whole month on the amount of tax and interest of one (1%) percent per month for each month or fraction of a whole month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax. in no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the municipal claims and tax liens act, 53 p.s. §7143, or applicable law. (b) there is no limit or cut off point, for applying penalty and interest. (c) on any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment, penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment. penalty and interest is calculated as described above. (d) where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax, the person liable therefore shall, in addition, be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein imposed. once due and owing, penalty and interest become part of the tax and shall be collected as such. a person’s belief that no tax is due and owing, or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the city code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation. good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty. -15- section 503. – fines and penalties for violation of act. (a) whoever willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the return shall, upon summary conviction thereof, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00) or to undergo imprisonment for not more than thirty (30) days. (b) whoever willfully fails or refuses to appear before the treasurer, in person with his books, records or accounts for examination when required under th