, voluntary or charitable contributions unrelated to individual service or assessments which fall equally upon all members. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.301.1(f)(7). however, individual charges for service to a member or non-member of an institution are not membership fees but gross receipts subject to tax. (6) donations, dues, and receipts associated with religious services received by religious organizations, are excluded from “gross receipts.” non-religious activities of religious organizations, i.e. bingo, bazaars, etc. are excluded from “gross receipts” unless the organizers and/or operators of such activities are paid for rendering such services. (7) “gross receipts” shall exclude receipts attributable to activities sponsored and conducted solely and completely by and for the entity by unpaid volunteers. (8) “gross receipts” shall exclude receipts of exempt institutions. (9) “gross receipts” shall exclude any receipts which the city is prohibiting from taxing by reason of federal law, the constitution of the united states, or the laws commonwealth. any person making such as claim shall provide on its tax return a short citation to applicable case or statutory law that is the basis for the exemption claim. (10) “gross receipts” that are excluded from tax are called “exempt receipts.” (d) "person" - any foundation, partnership, corporation, charitable trust, limited liability company, unincorporated association or any other organization operating under a non-profit charter or organized as a non-profit charter or organized as a non-profit entity, which provides service to the public or to any select or limited number thereof. examples of entities organized as a non-profit entity include, non- profit corporations formed under the non-profit corporation law of 1988, 15 pa.c.s. § 5101, or any predecessor or successor law, or the pennsylvania uniform unincorporated nonprofit association law, 15 pa.c.s. § 9111, or any predecessor or successor law. (1) the word “person” includes any incorporated or unincorporated entity, trust, or foundation, which provides a taxable service, which is exempt from the corporate net income tax under 72 p.s. § 7401(1)3 and § 7401(1)4(i), and which is a member of one of following classes of non-profit entities described under 26 u.s.c. § 501: (i) corporations or other organizations exempt under 26 u.s.c. § 501(c)(3) (such as religious, charitable, scientific, or sporting organizations); -6- (ii) organizations that would