136 © carnegie museum of art black photojournalism carnegie museum of art sept. 13, 2025–jan. 19, 2026 photojournalism is work and it is livelihood, it is craft and it is documentation, it is a way to be in the world and to share the world, it is a way to resist oppression while insisting on the fullness of life. ‘who can better talk about us than us?’ by b. denise hawkins a pioneering exhibition at carnegie museum of art explores a rich archive of black photojournalism in mid-20th century america. nurturing empowerment carnegie museum of art’s empowered educators lifts teachers up by bringing them together. mining history the conservation of thousands of letters written in the museum of natural history’s infancy reveals new chapters in the story of one of the world’s great museums. connecting people and science when it most matters already a trusted resource for science learning, the science center aims to be a real-time information source on topics affecting us all. ‘who can better talk about us than us?’ by b. denise hawkins a pioneering exhibition at carnegie museum of art explores a rich archive of black photojournalism in mid-20th century america. nurturing empowerment carnegie museum of art’s empowered educators lifts teachers up by bringing them together. mining history the conservation of thousands of letters written in the museum of natural history’s infancy reveals new chapters in the story of one of the world’s great museums. connecting people and science when it most matters already a trusted resource for science learning, the science center aims to be a real-time information source on topics affecting us all. ‘who can better talk about us than us?’ by b. denise hawkins a pioneering exhibition at carnegie museum of art explores a rich archive of black photojournalism in mid-20th century america. ‘who can better talk about us than us?’ by b. denise hawkins a pioneering exhibition at carnegie museum of art explores a rich archive of black photojournalism in mid-20th century america. ‘who can better talk about us than us?’ by b. denise hawkins a pioneering exhibition at carnegie museum of art explores a rich archive of black photojournalism in mid-20th century america. a pioneering exhibition at carnegie museum of art explores a rich archive of black photojournalism in mid-20th century america. nurturing empowerment carnegie museum of art’s empowered educators lifts teachers up by bringing them together. mining history the conservation of thousan