when it most matters already a trusted resource for science learning, the science center aims to be a real-time information source on topics affecting us all. visit the carnegie museums stores become a member what’s happening view all events untitled (art party) carnegie museum of art fri., oct 10, 2025 8-11 pm hispanic heritage celebration the andy warhol museum sat., oct 11, 2025 11-3 pm senior social: breakfast and a movie—jane goodall: reasons for hope kamin science center thu., oct 2, 2025 8-10:30 pm for members current exhibitions simon vouet, the toilet of venus, (detail) ca. 1640, carnegie museum of art, gift of mrs. horace binney hare fault lines: art, imperialism, and the atlantic world carnegie museum of art july 12, 2025–jan. 25, 2026 this exhibition brings together the work of artists who lived within the fluid imperial boundaries of spanish, dutch, french, and british empires to explore the way that art and artists contributed to, reinforced, or undermined european imperial projects. uprooted: plants out of place carnegie museum of natural history now open learn how plants ride along as passengers, not drivers, from one region to another, and the consequences when an introduced plant becomes a harmful invasive species in its new environment. charles “teenie” harris, a pittsburgh courier press operator prints newspapers, 1954, carnegie museum of art, heinz family fund, 2001.35.3136 © carnegie museum of art black photojournalism carnegie museum of art sept. 13, 2025–jan. 19, 2026 photojournalism is work and it is livelihood, it is craft and it is documentation, it is a way to be in the world and to share the world, it is a way to resist oppression while insisting on the fullness of life. ‘who can better talk about us than us?’ by b. denise hawkins a pioneering exhibition at carnegie museum of art explores a rich archive of black photojournalism in mid-20th century america. nurturing empowerment carnegie museum of art’s empowered educators lifts teachers up by bringing them together. mining history the conservation of thousands of letters written in the museum of natural history’s infancy reveals new chapters in the story of one of the world’s great museums. connecting people and science when it most matters already a trusted resource for science learning, the science center aims to be a real-time information source on topics affecting us all. visit the carnegie museums stores become a member what’s happening view all events untitled (art party