launched a clean air and civic revitalization project known as the "renaissance". the industrial base continued to expand through the 1960s, but after 1970 foreign competition led to the collapse of the steel industry, with massive layoffs and mill closures. top corporate headquarters moved out in the 1980s. in 2007 the city lost its status as a major transportation hub. the population of the pittsburgh metropolitan area is holding steady at 2.4 million; 65% of its residents are of european descent and 35% are minorities. native american era[edit] native americans lived near the forks of the ohio for thousands of years. these are some important villages, most c. 1750s, and earlier sites. for thousands of years, native americans inhabited the region where the allegheny and the monongahela join to form the ohio. paleo-indians conducted a hunter-gatherer lifestyle in the region perhaps as early as 19,000 years ago. meadowcroft rockshelter, an archaeological site west of pittsburgh, provides evidence that these first americans lived in the region from that date. during the adena culture that followed, mound builders erected a large indian mound at the future site of mckees rocks, about three miles (5 km) from the head of the ohio. the indian mound, a burial site, was augmented in later years by members of the hopewell culture. by 1700 the haudenosaunee, the five nations-based south of the great lakes in present-day new york, held dominion over the upper ohio valley, reserving it for hunting grounds. other tribes included the lenape, who had been displaced from eastern pennsylvania by european settlement, and the shawnee, who had migrated up from the south. with the arrival of european explorers, these tribes and others had been devastated by infectious diseases from europe, such as smallpox, measles, influenza, and malaria, to which they had no immunity. a map of western pennsylvania made in 1680 from the darlington collection in 1748, when conrad weiser visited logstown, 18 miles (29 km) downriver from pittsburgh, he counted 789 warriors gathered: the iroquois included 163 seneca, 74 mohawk, 35 onondaga, 20 cayuga, and 15 oneida. other tribes were 165 lenape, 162 shawnee, 100 wyandot, 40 tisagechroami, and 15 mohican. shannopin's town, a lenape (delaware) village on the east bank of the allegheny, was established in the 1720s and was deserted after 1758. the village is believed to have been roughly from where penn avenue is today, below the mouth of two mile