nd armaments, especially at the allegheny arsenal and the fort pitt foundry. arms manufacture included iron-clad warships and the world's first 21" gun. by war's end, over one-half of the steel and more than one-third of all u.s. glass was produced in pittsburgh. a milestone in steel production was achieved in 1875, when the edgar thomson works in braddock began to make steel rail using the new bessemer process. industrialists such as andrew carnegie, henry clay frick, charles m. schwab, and george westinghouse built their fortunes in pittsburgh. george westinghouse's advancements included the air brake and was the founder of over 60 companies, including westinghouse air and brake company (1869), union switch & signal (1881), and westinghouse electric company (1886). banks played a key role in pittsburgh's development as these industrialists sought massive loans to upgrade plants, integrate industries and fund technological advances. pittsburgh bankers including andrew w. mellon, with t. mellon & sons bank founded in 1869, helped to finance an aluminum reduction company that became alcoa. ingham (1991) shows how small, independent iron and steel manufacturers survived and prospered from the 1870s through the 1950s, despite competition from much larger, standardized production firms. these smaller firms were built on a culture that valued local markets and the beneficial role of business in the local community. small firms concentrated on specialized products, particularly structural steel, where the economies of scale of larger firms were no advantage. they embraced technological change more cautiously than larger firms. they also had less antagonistic relations with workers and employed a higher percentage of highly skilled workers than their mass-production counterparts. geography of industrialization[edit] beginning in the 1870s, entrepreneurs transformed the economy from small, craft-organized factories located inside the city limits to a large integrated industrial region stretching 50 miles across allegheny county. the new industrial pittsburgh was based on integrated mills, mass production, and modern management organization in steel and other industries. many manufacturers searched for large sites with railroad and river accessibility. they purchased land, designed modern plants, and sometimes built towns for workers. other firms bought into new communities that began as speculative industrial real estate ventures. some owners removed their plants