nd harvesting. in addition, almost everything was manufactured by hand, including furniture, tools, candles, buttons, and needles. settlers had to deal with harsh winters, and with snakes, black bears, mountain lions, and timber wolves. because of the fear of raids by native americans, the settlers often built their cabins near, or even on top of, springs, to ensure access to water. they also built blockhouses, where neighbors would rally during conflicts. increasing violence, especially by the shawnee, miami, and wyandot tribes, led to dunmore's war in 1774. conflict with native americans continued throughout the revolutionary war, as some hoped that the war would end with expulsion of the settlers from their territory. in 1777, fort pitt became a united states fort, when brigadier general edward hand took command. in 1779, colonel daniel brodhead led 600 men from fort pitt to destroy seneca villages along the upper allegheny. with the war still ongoing, in 1780 virginia and pennsylvania came to an agreement on their mutual borders, creating the state lines known today and determining finally that the jurisdiction of pittsburgh region was pennsylvanian. in 1783, the revolutionary war ended, which also brought at least a temporary cessation of border warfare. in the 1784 treaty of fort stanwix, the iroquois ceded the land north of the purchase line to pennsylvania. map of pittsburgh in 1795 after the revolution, the village of pittsburgh continued to grow. one of its earliest industries was boat building. flatboats could be used to carry large numbers of pioneers and goods downriver, while keelboats were capable of traveling upriver. the village began to develop vital institutions. hugh henry brackenridge, a pittsburgh resident and

state legislator, introduced a bill that resulted in a gift deed of land and a charter for the pittsburgh academy on february 28, 1787. the academy later developed as the university of western pennsylvania (1819) and since 1908 has been known as the university of pittsburgh. many farmers distilled their corn harvest into whiskey, increasing its value while lowering its transportation costs. at that time, whiskey was used as a form of currency on the frontier. when the federal government imposed an excise tax on whiskey, western pennsylvania farmers felt victimized, leading to the whiskey rebellion in 1794. farmers from the region rallied at braddock's field and marched on pittsburgh. the short-lived rebellion was put down, howe