. "german historical sites in pittsburgh". archived from the original on february 22, 2014. retrieved february 10, 2014. "the history of pittsburgh's skyline". archived from the original on march 31, 2016. retrieved february 10, 2014. "the battle of the monongahela". retrieved february 10, 2014. old photos of pittsburg(h) "wayward record of pittsburgh's early years recovered by archivist" vtecity of pittsburghgovernment airport convention center city council city hall courthouse district attorney education events fire intergov libraries mayor parks police port regional sheriff transit water economy allegheny conference duquesne club chamber of commerce corporations economic club hyp club stock exchange other topics colleges and universities culture cookie table theatre green man pittsburgh parking chair picklesburgh dialect jag-off yinzer flag fictional settings filming films television history name timeline jewish history 2018 synagogue shooting pittsburgh toilet hospitals media museums neighborhoods nicknames notable pittsburghers region combined statistical area skyscrapers sports transportation category retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=history_of_pittsburgh&oldid=1308947719" category: history of pittsburghhidden categories: cs1 maint: multiple names: authors listcs1 errors: isbn dateall articles lacking reliable referencesarticles lacking reliable references from september 2021cs1: unfit urlarticles with short descriptionshort description is different from wikidatause mdy dates from february 2013all articles with unsourced statementsarticles with unsourced statements from april 2023articles with unsourced statements from march 2024commons category link from wikidata from wikipedia, the free encyclopedia from wikipedia, the free encyclopedia pittsburgh in 1902. lithograph by thaddeus mortimer fowler. the history of pittsburgh began with centuries of native american civilization in the modern pittsburgh region, known as jaödeogë’ in the seneca language. eventually, european explorers encountered the strategic confluence where the allegheny and monongahela rivers meet to form the ohio, which leads to the mississippi river. the area became a battleground when france and great britain fought for control in the 1750s. when the british were victorious, the french ceded control of territories east of the mississippi. following american independence in 1783, the village around fort pitt continued to grow. the region saw the short-lived