l freedom, and to escape racial oppression and violence in the south. migrants going to pittsburgh and surrounding mill towns faced racial discrimination and restricted housing and job opportunities. the black population in pittsburgh jumped from 6,000 in 1880 to 27,000 in 1910. many took highly paid, skilled jobs in the steel mills. pittsburgh's black population increased to 37,700 in 1920 (6.4% of the total) while the black element in homestead, rankin, braddock, and others nearly doubled. they succeeded in building effective community responses that enabled the survival of new communities. historian joe trotter explains the decision process: [ ] [ ] [ ] the newly established black communities nearly all endured, apart from johnstown where blacks were expelled in 1923. joe trotter explains how the blacks built new institutions for their new communities in the pittsburgh area: [ ] the cultural nucleus of black pittsburgh was wylie avenue in the hill district. it became an important jazz mecca because jazz greats such as duke ellington and pittsburgh natives billy strayhorn and earl hines played there. two of the negro league's greatest baseball rivals, the pittsburgh crawfords and the homestead grays, often competed in the hill district. the teams dominated the negro national league in the 1930s and 1940s. [ ] 1930s[edit] 1930s [edit] [ edit ] pittsburgh was a republican stronghold starting in the 1880s, and the republican governments provided jobs and assistance for the new immigrants in return for their votes. but the great depression starting in 1929 ruined the gop in the city. the democratic victory of 1932 meant an end to republican patronage jobs and assistance. as the depression worsened, pittsburgh ethnics voted heavily for the democrats, especially in 1934, making the city a stronghold of the new deal coalition. by 1936, democratic programs for relief and jobs, especially the wpa, were so popular with the ethnics that a large majority voted for the democrats. [ ] [ ] [ ] joseph guffey, statewide leader of the democrats, and his local lieutenant david lawrence gained control of all federal patronage in pittsburgh after roosevelt's landslide victory in 1932 and the election of a democratic mayor in 1933. guffey and lawrence used the new deal programs to increase their political power and build up a democratic machine that superseded the decaying republican machine. guffey acknowledged that a high rate of people on relief was not only "a challenge"