or dinwiddie sent captain william trent to build a fort at the forks of the ohio. on february 17, 1754, trent began construction of the fort, the first european habitation at the site of present-day pittsburgh. the fort, named fort prince george, was only half-built by april 1754, when over 500 french forces arrived and ordered the 40-some colonials back to virginia. the french tore down the british fortification and constructed fort duquesne. [ ] [ ] [ ] governor dinwiddie launched another expedition. colonel joshua fry commanded the regiment with his second-in-command, george washington, leading an advance column. on may 28, 1754, washington's unit clashed with the french in the battle of jumonville glen, during which 13 french soldiers were killed and 21 were taken prisoner. after the battle, washington's ally, seneca chief tanaghrisson, unexpectedly executed the french commanding officer, ensign joseph coulon de jumonville. the french pursued washington and on july 3, 1754, george washington surrendered following the battle of fort necessity. these frontier actions contributed to the start of the french and indian war (1754–1763), or, the seven years' war, a global confrontation between britain and france fought in both hemispheres. [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] in 1755, the braddock expedition was launched, accompanied by virginia militia officer george washington. two regiments marched from fort cumberland across the allegheny mountains and into western pennsylvania. following a path washington surveyed, over 3,000 men built a wagon road 12 feet (3.7 m) wide, that when complete, was the first road to cross the appalachian mountains. braddock's road, as it was known, blazed the way for the future national road (us40). the expedition crossed the monongahela river on july 9, 1755. french troops from fort duquesne ambushed braddock's expedition at braddock's field, nine miles (14 km) from fort duquesne. in the battle of the monongahela, the french inflicted heavy losses on the british, and braddock was mortally wounded. the surviving british and colonial forces retreated. this left the french and their native american allies with dominion over the upper ohio valley. [ ] [ ] [ ] on september 8, 1756, an expedition of 300 militiamen destroyed the shawnee and lenape village of kittanning, and in the summer of 1758, british army officer john forbes began a campaign to capture fort duquesne. at the head of 7,000 regular and colonial troops, forbes built fort ligonier and f