ssive loans to upgrade plants, integrate industries and fund technological advances. pittsburgh bankers including andrew w. mellon, with t. mellon & sons bank founded in 1869, helped to finance an aluminum reduction company that became alcoa. ingham (1991) shows how small, independent iron and steel manufacturers survived and prospered from the 1870s through the 1950s, despite competition from much larger, standardized production firms. these smaller firms were built on a culture that valued local markets and the beneficial role of business in the local community. small firms concentrated on specialized products, particularly structural steel, where the economies of scale of larger firms were no advantage. they embraced technological change more cautiously than larger firms. they also had less antagonistic relations with workers and employed a higher percentage of highly skilled workers than their mass-production counterparts. geography of industrialization[edit] beginning in the 1870s, entrepreneurs transformed the economy from small, craft-organized factories located inside the city limits to a large integrated industrial region stretching 50 miles across allegheny county. the new industrial pittsburgh was based on integrated mills, mass production, and modern management organization in steel and other industries. many manufacturers searched for large sites with railroad and river accessibility. they purchased land, designed modern plants, and sometimes built towns for workers. other firms bought into new communities that began as speculative industrial real estate ventures. some owners removed their plants from the central city's labor unions to exert greater control over workers. the region's rugged topography and dispersed natural resources of coal and gas accentuated this dispersal. the rapid growth of steel, glass, railroad equipment, and coke industries resulted in both large mass-production plants and numerous smaller firms. as capital deepened and interdependence grew, participants multiplied, economies accrued, the division of labor increased, and localized production systems formed around these industries. transportation, capital, labor markets, and the division of labor in production bound the scattered industrial plants and communities into a sprawling metropolitan district. by 1910 the pittsburgh district was a complex urban landscape with a dominant central city, surrounded by proximate residential communities, mill towns, satellite cities,