wigle whiskey opened, becoming the first since the closure of finch's distillery. the pittsburgh post-gazette produced a large web feature on this period in the city's history. environment[edit] during the late 19th century, city leaders debated the responsibility and expense of creating a waterworks system and disposal of sewage. downstream users complained about pittsburgh's dumping of sewage into the ohio river. allegheny county cities did not stop discharging raw sewage into rivers until 1939. pittsburgh's smoke pollution, seen in the 1890s as a sign of prosperity, was recognized as a problem in the progressive era and was cleared up in the 1930s–1940s. steel plants deposited mountains of slag until 1972, especially in nine mile run valley. in november 1927, 28 people were killed and hundreds were wounded in an explosion of a gas tank. to escape the soot of the city, many of the wealthy lived in the shadyside and east end neighborhoods, a few miles east of downtown. fifth avenue was dubbed "millionaire's row" because of the many mansions lining the street. on march 17 and 18, 1936, pittsburgh suffered the worst flood in its history, with flood levels peaking at 46 feet. this catastrophe killed 69 victims, destroyed thousands of buildings, caused $3b (2006 dollars) in damages, and put more than 60,000 steelworkers out of work. high culture[edit] oakland became the city's predominant cultural and educational center, including three universities, multiple museums, a library, a music hall, and a botanical conservatory. oakland's university of pittsburgh erected what today is still the world's fourth-tallest educational building, the 42-story cathedral of learning. it towered over forbes field, where the pittsburgh pirates played from 1909 to 1970. downtown pittsburgh panorama, from 1920. new immigrants and migrants[edit] between 1870 and 1920, the population of pittsburgh grew almost sevenfold, with a large number of european immigrants arriving to the city. new arrivals continue to come from britain, ireland, and germany, but the most popular sources after 1870 were poor rural areas in southern and eastern europe, including italy, the balkans, the austro-hungarian empire, and the russian empire. unskilled immigrants found jobs in construction, mining, steel mills and factories. they introduced new traditions, languages, and cultures to the city, creating a diversified society as a result. ethnic neighborhoods developed in working-class areas and were bui