on of martin luther king jr. in april 1968. there were no further major riots, although tension remained high in the inner-city black neighborhoods. reinvention (1973–present)[edit] downtown pittsburgh in july 1974 a similar picture of downtown pittsburgh from mt. washington in december 2005 during the 1970s and 1980s, the u.s. steel industry came under increasing pressure from foreign competition and from american mini-mills constructed inexpensively using salvaged steel.[citation needed] manufacture in germany and japan was booming. foreign mills and factories, built with the latest technology, benefited from lower labor costs and powerful government-corporate partnerships, allowing them to capture increasing market shares of steel and steel products. separately, demand for steel softened due to recessions, the 1973 oil crisis, and increasing use of other materials. the era began with the ridc's "building on basics" report in 1974. collapse of steel[edit] further information: steel crisis free market pressures exposed the u.s. steel industry's own internal problems, which included a now-outdated manufacturing base that had been over-expanded in the 1950s and 1960s, hostile management and labor relationships, the inflexibility of united steelworkers regarding wage cuts and work-rule reforms, oligarchic management styles, and poor strategic planning by both unions and management. in particular, pittsburgh faced its own challenges. local coke and iron ore deposits were depleted, raising material costs. the large mills in the pittsburgh region also faced competition from newer, more profitable "mini-mills" and non-union mills with lower labor costs. beginning in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the steel industry in pittsburgh began to implode along with the deindustrialization of the u.s. following the 1981–1982 recession, for example, the mills laid off 153,000 workers. the steel mills began to shut down. these closures caused a ripple effect, as railroads, mines, and other factories across the region lost business and closed. the local economy suffered a depression, marked by high unemployment and underemployment, as laid-off workers took lower-paying, non-union jobs. pittsburgh suffered as elsewhere in the rust belt with a declining population, and like many other u.s. cities, it also saw white flight to the suburbs. in 1991 the homestead works was demolished, replaced in 1999 by the waterfront shopping mall. as a direct result of the loss of mill employm