ttsburgh suffered the worst flood in its history, with flood levels peaking at 46 feet. this catastrophe killed 69 victims, destroyed thousands of buildings, caused $3b (2006 dollars) in damages, and put more than 60,000 steelworkers out of work. high culture[edit] oakland became the city's predominant cultural and educational center, including three universities, multiple museums, a library, a music hall, and a botanical conservatory. oakland's university of pittsburgh erected what today is still the world's fourth-tallest educational building, the 42-story cathedral of learning. it towered over forbes field, where the pittsburgh pirates played from 1909 to 1970. downtown pittsburgh panorama, from 1920. new immigrants and migrants[edit] between 1870 and 1920, the population of pittsburgh grew almost sevenfold, with a large number of european immigrants arriving to the city. new arrivals continue to come from britain, ireland, and germany, but the most popular sources after 1870 were poor rural areas in southern and eastern europe, including italy, the balkans, the austro-hungarian empire, and the russian empire. unskilled immigrants found jobs in construction, mining, steel mills and factories. they introduced new traditions, languages, and cultures to the city, creating a diversified society as a result. ethnic neighborhoods developed in working-class areas and were built on densely populated hillsides and valleys, such as south side, polish hill, bloomfield, and squirrel hill, home to 28% of the city's almost 21,000 jewish households. the strip district, the city's produce distribution center, still boasts many restaurants and clubs that showcase these multicultural traditions of pittsburghers. african americans[edit] further information: great migration (african american) the years 1916–1940 marked the largest migration of african americans to pittsburgh during the great migration from the rural south to industrial cities of the northeast and midwest. these migrants came for industrial jobs, education, political and social freedom, and to escape racial oppression and violence in the south. migrants going to pittsburgh and surrounding mill towns faced racial discrimination and restricted housing and job opportunities. the black population in pittsburgh jumped from 6,000 in 1880 to 27,000 in 1910. many took highly paid, skilled jobs in the steel mills. pittsburgh's black population increased to 37,700 in 1920 (6.4% of the total) while the black element i