lies, 312 white), to make room for a cultural center that included the civic arena, which opened in 1961. other than one apartment building, none of the other buildings planned for the cultural center were ever built. in the early 1960s, the neighborhood of east liberty was also included in renaissance i urban renewal plans, with over 125 acres (0.51 km2) of the neighborhood being demolished and replaced with garden apartments, three 20-story public housing apartments, and a convoluted road-way system that circled a pedestrianized shopping district. in the span of just a few years during the mid-1960s, east liberty became a blighted neighborhood. there were some 575 businesses in east liberty in 1959, but only 292 in 1970, and just 98 in 1979. preservation efforts by the pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation, along with community neighborhood groups, resisted the demolition plans. the neighborhoods containing rich architectural heritage, including the mexican war streets, allegheny west, and manchester, were spared. the center of allegheny city, with its culturally and socially important buildings, was not as lucky. all of the buildings, with the exception of the old u.s. post office, the carnegie library, and buhl planetarium were destroyed and replaced with the "pedestrianized" allegheny center mall and apartments. the city's industrial base continued to grow in the post-war era partly assisted by the area's first agency entirely devoted to industrial development, the ridc. jones and laughlin steel company expanded its plant on the southside. h.j. heinz, pittsburgh plate glass, alcoa, westinghouse, u.s. steel and its new division, the pittsburgh chemical company and many other companies also continued robust operations through the 1960s. 1970 marked the

completion of the final building projects of renaissance i: the u.s. steel tower and three rivers stadium. in 1974, with the addition of the fountain at the tip of the golden triangle, point state park was completed. although air quality was dramatically improved, and pittsburgh's manufacturing base seemed solid, questions abound about the negative effects urban renewal continues to have on the social fabric of pittsburgh. pittsburgh, however, was about to undergo one of its most dramatic transformations. like most major cities, pittsburgh experienced several days of rioting following the assassination of martin luther king jr. in april 1968. there were no further major riots, although tension rema