ng locations of several industrial holdings and other important sites from about 1910. westinghouse air brake: 25th street and liberty avenue westinghouse air brake: allegheny city westinghouse air brake: wilmerding union switch & signal and westinghouse electric: garrison alley union switch and signal: swissvale first westinghouse home and gas wells: "solitude" haymaker gas wells: murrysville other gas wells: murrysville fuel gas line: murrysville to pittsburgh edgar thomson works of carnegie steel: braddock carnegie steel company: homestead westinghouse electric and manufacturing: east pittsburgh westinghouse machine company westinghouse foundries: trafford machine politics[edit] christopher magee and william flinn operated powerful republican machines that controlled local politics after 1880. they were business owners and favored business interests. flinn was a leader of the progressive movement statewide and supported theodore roosevelt in the 1912 election. germans[edit] during the mid-19th century, pittsburgh witnessed a dramatic influx of german immigrants, including a brick mason whose son, henry j. heinz, founded the h.j. heinz company in 1869. heinz was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity, working conditions, hours, and wages, but the company bitterly opposed the formation of an independent labor union. labor unions[edit] as a manufacturing center, pittsburgh also became an arena for intense labor strife. during the great railroad strike of 1877, pittsburgh workers protested and had massive demonstrations that erupted into widespread violence, known as the pittsburgh railway riots. militia and federal troops were called to the city to suppress the strike. forty men died, most of them workers, and more than 40 buildings were burned down, including the union depot of the pennsylvania railroad. strikers also burned and destroyed rolling stock: more than 100 train engines and 1000 railcars were destroyed. it was the city with the most violence of any affected by the strikes. burning of pennsylvania railroad and union depot, pittsburgh, july 21–22, 1877 in 1892, a confrontation in the steel industry resulted in 10 deaths (3 detectives, 7 workers) when carnegie steel company's manager henry clay frick sent in pinkertons to break the homestead strike. labor strife continued into the years of the great depression, as workers sought to protect their jobs and improve working conditions. unions organized h.j. heinz workers, with the a