ewers. civic leaders, notably mayor david l. lawrence, elected in 1945, richard k. mellon, chairman of mellon bank and john p. robin began smoke control and urban revitalization, also known as urban renewal projects that transformed the city in unforeseen ways. "renaissance i" began in 1946. title one of the housing act of 1949 provided the means in which to begin. by 1950, vast swaths of buildings and land near the point were demolished for gateway center. 1953 saw the opening of the (since demolished) greater pittsburgh municipal airport terminal. in the late 1950s and early 1960s, the lower hill district, an area inhabited predominantly by poor blacks, was completely destroyed. ninety-five acres of the lower hill district were cleared using eminent domain, forcibly displacing hundreds of small businesses and more than 8,000 people (1,239 black families, 312 white), to make room for a cultural center that included the civic arena, which opened in 1961. other than one apartment building, none of the other buildings planned for the cultural center were ever built. in the early 1960s, the neighborhood of east liberty was also included in renaissance i urban renewal plans, with over 125 acres (0.51 km2) of the neighborhood being demolished and replaced with garden apartments, three 20-story public housing apartments, and a convoluted road-way system that circled a pedestrianized shopping district. in the span of just a few years during the mid-1960s, east liberty became a blighted neighborhood. there were some 575 businesses in east liberty in 1959, but only 292 in 1970, and just 98 in 1979. preservation efforts by the pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation, along with community neighborhood groups, resisted the demolition plans. the neighborhoods containing rich architectural heritage, including the mexican war streets, allegheny west, and manchester, were spared. the center of allegheny city, with its culturally and socially important buildings, was not as lucky. all of the buildings, with the exception of the old u.s. post office, the carnegie library, and buhl planetarium were destroyed and replaced with the "pedestrianized" allegheny center mall and apartments. the city's industrial base continued to grow in the post-war era partly assisted by the area's first agency entirely devoted to industrial development, the ridc. jones and laughlin steel company expanded its plant on the southside. h.j. heinz, pittsburgh plate glass, alcoa, westinghouse, u.s