re fort duquesne. at the head of 7,000 regular and colonial troops, forbes built fort ligonier and fort bedford, from where he cut a wagon road over the allegheny mountains, later known as forbes' road. on the night of september 13–14, 1758, an advance column under major james grant was annihilated in the battle of fort duquesne. the battleground, the high hill east of the point, was named grant's hill in his memory. with this defeat, forbes decided to wait until spring. but when he heard that the french had lost fort frontenac and largely evacuated fort duquesne, he planned an immediate attack. hopelessly outnumbered, the french abandoned and razed fort duquesne. forbes occupied the burned fort on november 25, 1758, and ordered the construction of fort pitt, named after british secretary of state william pitt the elder. he also named the settlement between the rivers, "pittsborough" (see etymology of pittsburgh). the british garrison at fort pitt made substantial improvements to its fortification. the french never attacked fort pitt and the war soon ended with the treaty of paris and french defeat. they ceded their territories east of the mississippi river. [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] gateway to the west (1763–1799)[edit] gateway to the west (1763–1799) [edit] [ edit ] in 1760, the first considerable european settlement around fort pitt began to grow. traders and settlers built two groups of houses and cabins, the "lower town", near the fort's ramparts, and the "upper town", along the monongahela as far as present-day market street. in april 1761, a census ordered by colonel henry bouquet and conducted by william clapham counted 332 people and 104 houses.: 148 [ ] [ ] : 148 after britain's victory in the french and indian war, increasing dissatisfaction among native americans with the continuing encroachment of settlers on lands that had been agreed would be indian-occupied (both in the 1758 treaty of easton and in the royal proclamation of 1763 the british authorities had decreed that there would be no british-american settlements west of the alleghenies, but the authorities had been unable or unwilling to enforce these decrees) led to the outbreak of pontiac's war. the odawa leader pontiac launched an offensive against british forts in may 1763. native american tribes from the ohio valley and the great lakes overran numerous british forts; one of their most important targets was fort pitt. receiving warning of the coming attack, captain simeon ecuyer, the s