ittsburgh had grown to be one of the largest cities west of the allegheny mountains. production of steel began in 1875. during the 1877 railway riots it was the site of the most violence and damage in any city affected by the nationwide strikes of that summer. workers protested against cuts in wages, burning down buildings at the railyards, including 100 train engines and more than 1,000 cars. forty men were killed, most of them strikers. by 1911, pittsburgh was producing half the nation's steel. pittsburgh was a republican party stronghold until 1932. the soaring unemployment of the great depression, the new deal relief programs and the rise of powerful labor unions in the 1930s turned the city into a liberal stronghold of the new deal coalition under powerful democratic mayors. in world war ii, it was the center of the "arsenal of democracy", producing munitions for the allied war effort as prosperity returned. following world war ii, pittsburgh launched a clean air and civic revitalization project known as the "renaissance". the industrial base continued to expand through the 1960s, but after 1970 foreign competition led to the collapse of the steel industry, with massive layoffs and mill closures. top corporate headquarters moved out in the 1980s. in 2007 the city lost its status as a major transportation hub. the population of the pittsburgh metropolitan area is holding steady at 2.4 million; 65% of its residents are of european descent and 35% are minorities. native american era[edit] native american era [edit] [ edit ] for thousands of years, native americans inhabited the region where the allegheny and the monongahela join to form the ohio. paleo-indians conducted a hunter-gatherer lifestyle in the region perhaps as early as 19,000 years ago. meadowcroft rockshelter, an archaeological site west of pittsburgh, provides evidence that these first americans lived in the region from that date. during the adena culture that followed, mound builders erected a large indian mound at the future site of mckees rocks, about three miles (5 km) from the head of the ohio. the indian mound, a burial site, was augmented in later years by members of the hopewell culture. [ ] [ ] by 1700 the haudenosaunee, the five nations-based south of the great lakes in present-day new york, held dominion over the upper ohio valley, reserving it for hunting grounds. other tribes included the lenape, who had been displaced from eastern pennsylvania by european settlement, and the s