nated the negro national league in the 1930s and 1940s. 1930s[edit] pittsburgh was a republican stronghold starting in the 1880s, and the republican governments provided jobs and assistance for the new immigrants in return for their votes. but the great depression starting in 1929 ruined the gop in the city. the democratic victory of 1932 meant an end to republican patronage jobs and assistance. as the depression worsened, pittsburgh ethnics voted heavily for the democrats, especially in 1934, making the city a stronghold of the new deal coalition. by 1936, democratic programs for relief and jobs, especially the wpa, were so popular with the ethnics that a large majority voted for the democrats. joseph guffey, statewide leader of the democrats, and his local lieutenant david lawrence gained control of all federal patronage in pittsburgh after roosevelt's landslide victory in 1932 and the election of a democratic mayor in 1933. guffey and lawrence used the new deal programs to increase their political power and build up a democratic machine that superseded the decaying republican machine. guffey acknowledged that a high rate of people on relief was not only "a challenge" but also "an opportunity". he regarded each relief job as democratic patronage. 1940s[edit] pittsburgh was at the center of the "arsenal of democracy" that provided steel, aluminum, munitions and machinery for the u.s. during world war ii. pittsburgh's mills contributed 95 million tons of steel to the war effort. the increased production output created a workforce shortage, which resulted in african americans moving en masse during the second great migration from the south to the city in order to find work. postwar[edit] david lawrence, a democrat, served as mayor of pittsburgh from 1946 to 1959 and as pennsylvania's governor from 1959 to 1963. lawrence used his political power to transform pittsburgh's political machine into a modern governmental unit that could run the city well and honestly. in 1946 lawrence decided to enforce the smoke control ordinance of 1941 because he believed smoke abatement was crucial for the city's future economic development. however, enforcement placed a substantial burden on the city's working-class because smoky bituminous coal was much less expensive than smokeless fuels. one round of protests came from italian-american organizations, which called for delay in enforcing it. enforcement raised their cost of living and threatened the jobs of their relatives i