acres (800 km2) in the upper ohio valley. from a post at present-day cumberland, maryland, the company began to construct an 80-mile (130 km) wagon road to the monongahela river employing a lenape indian chief named nemacolin and a party of settlers headed by capt. michael cresap to begin widening the track into a road. it mostly followed the same route as an existing native american trail now known as nemacolin's trail. the river crossing and flats at redstone creek, was the earliest point and shortest distance for the descent of a wagon road. later in the war, the site fortified as fort burd (now brownsville) was one of several possible destinations. another alternative was the divergent route that became braddock's road a few years later through present-day new stanton. in the event, the colonists did not succeed in turning the path into a wagon road much beyond the cumberland narrows pass before they came into conflict with native americans. the colonists later mounted a series of expeditions in order to accomplish piecemeal improvements to the track. the nearby native american community of logstown was an important trade and council center in the ohio valley. between june 15 and november 10, 1749, an expedition headed by celeron de bienville, a french officer, traveled down the allegheny and ohio to bolster the french claim to the region. de bienville warned away british traders and posted markers claiming the territory. in 1753, marquis duquesne, the governor of new france, sent another, larger expedition. at present-day erie, pennsylvania, an advance party built fort presque isle. they also cut a road through the woods and built fort le boeuf on french creek, from which it was possible at high water to float to the allegheny. by summer, an expedition of 1,500 french and native american men descended the allegheny. some wintered at the confluence of french creek and the allegheny. the following year, they built fort machault at that site. alarmed at these french incursions in the ohio valley, governor dinwiddie of virginia sent major george washington to warn the french to withdraw. accompanied by christopher gist, washington arrived at the forks of the ohio on november 25, 1753. george washington's sketch of monongahela river, allegheny river (named as the upper ohio), and french creek that accompanied his journal (1753) in which he recorded his impressions: as i got down before the canoe, i spent some time in viewing the rivers, & the land in the f