ment of settlers on lands that had been agreed would be indian-occupied (both in the 1758 treaty of easton and in the royal proclamation of 1763 the british authorities had decreed that there would be no british-american settlements west of the alleghenies, but the authorities had been unable or unwilling to enforce these decrees) led to the outbreak of pontiac's war. the odawa leader pontiac launched an offensive against british forts in may 1763. native american tribes from the ohio valley and the great lakes overran numerous british forts; one of their most important targets was fort pitt. receiving warning of the coming attack, captain simeon ecuyer, the swiss officer in command of the garrison, prepared for a siege. he leveled the houses outside the ramparts and ordered all settlers into the fort: 330 men, 104 women, and 196 children sought refuge inside its ramparts. captain ecuyer also gathered stores, which included hundreds of barrels of pork and beef. pontiac's forces attacked the fort on june 22, 1763, and the siege of fort pitt lasted for two months. pontiac's warriors kept up a continuous, though ineffective, fire on it from july 27 through august 1, 1763. they drew off to confront the relieving party under colonel bouquet, which defeated them in the battle of bushy run. this victory ensured british dominion over the forks of the ohio, if not the entire ohio valley. in 1764 colonel bouquet added a redoubt, the fort pitt blockhouse, which still stands, the sole remaining structure from fort pitt and the oldest authenticated building west of the allegheny mountains. fort pitt, 1795 the iroquois signed the fort stanwix treaty of 1768, ceding the lands south of the ohio to the british crown. european expansion into the upper ohio valley increased. an estimated 4,000 to 5,000 families settled in western pennsylvania between 1768 and 1770. of these settlers, about a third were english-american, another third were scotch-irish, and the rest were welsh, german and others. these groups tended to settle together in small farming communities, but often their households were not within hailing distance. the life of a settler family was one of relentless hard work: clearing the forest, stumping the fields, building cabins and barns, planting, weeding, and harvesting. in addition, almost everything was manufactured by hand, including furniture, tools, candles, buttons, and needles. settlers had to deal with harsh winters, and with snakes, black bears, mount