hted neighborhood. there were some 575 businesses in east liberty in 1959, but only 292 in 1970, and just 98 in 1979. preservation efforts by the pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation, along with community neighborhood groups, resisted the demolition plans. the neighborhoods containing rich architectural heritage, including the mexican war streets, allegheny west, and manchester, were spared. the center of allegheny city, with its culturally and socially important buildings, was not as lucky. all of the buildings, with the exception of the old u.s. post office, the carnegie library, and buhl planetarium were destroyed and replaced with the "pedestrianized" allegheny center mall and apartments. the city's industrial base continued to grow in the post-war era partly assisted by the area's first agency entirely devoted to industrial development, the ridc. jones and laughlin steel company expanded its plant on the southside. h.j. heinz, pittsburgh plate glass, alcoa, westinghouse, u.s. steel and its new division, the pittsburgh chemical company and many other companies also continued robust operations through the 1960s. 1970 marked the completion of the final building projects of renaissance i: the u.s. steel tower and three rivers stadium. in 1974, with the addition of the fountain at the tip of the golden triangle, point state park was completed. although air quality was dramatically improved, and pittsburgh's manufacturing base seemed solid, questions abound about the negative effects urban renewal continues to have on the social fabric of pittsburgh. pittsburgh, however, was about to undergo one of its most dramatic transformations. like most major cities, pittsburgh experienced several days of rioting following the assassination of martin luther king jr. in april 1968. there were no further major riots, although tension remained high in the inner-city black neighborhoods. reinvention (1973–present)[edit] downtown pittsburgh in july 1974 a similar picture of downtown pittsburgh from mt. washington in december 2005 during the 1970s and 1980s, the u.s. steel industry came under increasing pressure from foreign competition and from american mini-mills constructed inexpensively using salvaged steel.[citation needed] manufacture in germany and japan was booming. foreign mills and factories, built with the latest technology, benefited from lower labor costs and powerful government-corporate partnerships, allowing them to capture increasing market shares of