n immigrants, including a brick mason whose son, henry j. heinz, founded the h.j. heinz company in 1869. heinz was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity, working conditions, hours, and wages, but the company bitterly opposed the formation of an independent labor union. labor unions[edit] as a manufacturing center, pittsburgh also became an arena for intense labor strife. during the great railroad strike of 1877, pittsburgh workers protested and had massive demonstrations that erupted into widespread violence, known as the pittsburgh railway riots. militia and federal troops were called to the city to suppress the strike. forty men died, most of them workers, and more than 40 buildings were burned down, including the union depot of the pennsylvania railroad. strikers also burned and destroyed rolling stock: more than 100 train engines and 1000 railcars were destroyed. it was the city with the most violence of any affected by the strikes. burning of pennsylvania railroad and union depot, pittsburgh, july 21–22, 1877 in 1892, a confrontation in the steel industry resulted in 10 deaths (3 detectives, 7 workers) when carnegie steel company's manager henry clay frick sent in pinkertons to break the homestead strike. labor strife continued into the years of the great depression, as workers sought to protect their jobs and improve working conditions. unions organized h.j. heinz workers, with the assistance of the catholic radical alliance. carnegie[edit] andrew carnegie, an immigrant from scotland and a former pennsylvania railroad executive turned steel magnate, founded the carnegie steel company. he proceeded to play a key role in the development of the u.s. steel industry. he became a philanthropist: in 1890, he established the first carnegie library, in a program to establish libraries in numerous cities and towns by the incentive of matching funds. in 1895, he founded the carnegie institute. in 1901, as the u.s. steel corporation formed, he sold his mills to j.p. morgan for $250 million, making him one of the world's richest men. carnegie once wrote that a man who dies rich, dies disgraced. he devoted the rest of his life to public service, establishing libraries, trusts, and foundations. in pittsburgh, he founded the carnegie institute of technology (now carnegie mellon university) and the carnegie

museums of pittsburgh. the third (and present) allegheny county courthouse and jail was completed in 1886. in 1890, trolleys began operations