lers into the fort: 330 men, 104 women, and 196 children sought refuge inside its ramparts. captain ecuyer also gathered stores, which included hundreds of barrels of pork and beef. pontiac's forces attacked the fort on june 22, 1763, and the siege of fort pitt lasted for two months. pontiac's warriors kept up a continuous, though ineffective, fire on it from july 27 through august 1, 1763. they drew off to confront the relieving party under colonel bouquet, which defeated them in the battle of bushy run. this victory ensured british dominion over the forks of the ohio, if not the entire ohio valley. in 1764 colonel bouquet added a redoubt, the fort pitt blockhouse, which still stands, the sole remaining structure from fort pitt and the oldest authenticated building west of the allegheny mountains. fort pitt, 1795 the iroquois signed the fort stanwix treaty of 1768, ceding the lands south of the ohio to the british crown. european expansion into the upper ohio valley increased. an estimated 4,000 to 5,000 families settled in western pennsylvania between 1768 and 1770. of these settlers, about a third were english-american, another third were scotch-irish, and the rest were welsh, german and others. these groups tended to settle together in small farming communities, but often their households were not within hailing distance. the life of a settler family was one of relentless hard work: clearing the forest, stumping the fields, building cabins and barns, planting, weeding, and harvesting. in addition, almost everything was manufactured by hand, including furniture, tools, candles, buttons, and needles. settlers had to deal with harsh winters, and with snakes, black bears, mountain lions, and timber wolves. because of the fear of raids by native americans, the settlers often built their cabins near, or even on top of, springs, to ensure access to water. they also built blockhouses, where neighbors would rally during conflicts. increasing violence, especially by the shawnee, miami, and wyandot tribes, led to dunmore's war in 1774. conflict with native americans continued throughout the revolutionary war, as some hoped that the war would end with expulsion of the settlers from their territory. in 1777, fort pitt became a united states fort, when brigadier general edward hand took command. in 1779, colonel daniel brodhead led 600 men

from fort pitt to destroy seneca villages along the upper allegheny. with the war still ongoing, in 1780 virginia and pennsylva