he carnegie library of pittsburgh "historical interactive maps". archived from the original on september 5, 2016. retrieved february 10, 2014. "life in western pennsylvania". archived from the original on january 3, 2014. retrieved february 10, 2014. contains digitized films and photographs from the library and archives of the senator john heinz history center. "german historical sites in pittsburgh". archived from the original on february 22, 2014. retrieved february 10, 2014. "the history of pittsburgh's skyline". archived from the original on march 31, 2016. retrieved february 10, 2014. "the battle of the monongahela". retrieved february 10, 2014. old photos of pittsburg(h) "wayward record of pittsburgh's early years recovered by archivist" vtecity of pittsburghgovernment airport convention center city council city hall courthouse district attorney education events fire intergov libraries mayor parks police port regional sheriff transit water economy allegheny conference duquesne club chamber of commerce corporations economic club hyp club stock exchange other topics colleges and universities culture cookie table theatre green man pittsburgh parking chair picklesburgh dialect jag-off yinzer flag fictional settings filming films television history name timeline jewish history 2018 synagogue shooting pittsburgh toilet hospitals media museums neighborhoods nicknames notable pittsburghers region combined statistical area skyscrapers sports transportation category the history of pittsburgh began with centuries of native american civilization in the modern pittsburgh region, known as jaödeogë’ in the seneca language. eventually, european explorers encountered the strategic confluence where the allegheny and monongahela rivers meet to form the ohio, which leads to the mississippi river. the area became a battleground when france and great britain fought for control in the 1750s. when the british were victorious, the french ceded control of territories east of the mississippi. [ ] following american independence in 1783, the village around fort pitt continued to grow. the region saw the short-lived whiskey rebellion, when farmers rebelled against federal taxes on whiskey. the war of 1812 cut off the supply of british goods, stimulating american manufacture. by 1815, pittsburgh was producing large quantities of iron, brass, tin, and glass products. by the 1840s, pittsburgh had grown to be one of the largest cities west of the allegheny mountains. production of s