rincipal residence of shingas, a chief of theirs. chartier's town was a shawnee town established in 1734 by peter chartier. kittanning was a lenape and shawnee village on the allegheny, with an estimated 300–400 residents. early colonization (1747–1763)[edit] british and french forts, 1753–1758, and the routes of the two british campaigns to take the forks of the ohio the first europeans arrived in the 1710s as traders. michael bezallion was the first to describe the forks of the ohio in a manuscript in 1717, and later that year european traders established posts and settlements in the area. europeans first began to settle in the region in 1748, when the first ohio company, a virginian land speculation company, won a grant of 200,000 acres (800 km2) in the upper ohio valley. from a post at present-day cumberland, maryland, the company began to construct an 80-mile (130 km) wagon road to the monongahela river employing a lenape indian chief named nemacolin and a party of settlers headed by capt. michael cresap to begin widening the track into a road. it mostly followed the same route as an existing native american trail now known as nemacolin's trail. the river crossing and flats at redstone creek, was the earliest point and shortest distance for the descent of a wagon road. later in the war, the site fortified as fort burd (now brownsville) was one of several possible destinations. another alternative was the divergent route that became braddock's road a few years later through present-day new stanton. in the event, the colonists did not succeed in turning the path into a wagon road much beyond the cumberland narrows pass before they came into conflict with native americans. the colonists later mounted a series of expeditions in order to accomplish piecemeal improvements to the track. the nearby native american community of logstown was an important trade and council center in the ohio valley. between june 15 and november 10, 1749, an expedition headed by celeron de bienville, a french officer, traveled down the allegheny and ohio to bolster the french claim to the region. de bienville warned away british traders and posted markers claiming the territory. in 1753, marquis duquesne, the governor of new france, sent another, larger expedition. at present-day erie, pennsylvania, an advance party built fort presque isle. they also cut a road through the woods and built fort le boeuf on french creek, from which it was possible at high water to float to the alle