ish held together cohesively throughout the 19th century and "developed their own sense of uniqueness." new immigrants after 1800 made pittsburgh a major scotch-irish stronghold. for example, thomas mellon (b. ulster 1813–1908) left northern ireland in 1823 for the united states. he founded the powerful mellon family, which played a central role in banking and industries such as aluminum and oil. as barnhisel (2005) finds, industrialists such as james laughlin (b. ulster 1806–1882) of jones and laughlin steel company comprised the "scots-irish presbyterian ruling stratum of pittsburgh society." technology[edit] in 1859, the clinton and soho iron furnaces introduced coke-fire smelting to the region. the american civil war boosted the city's economy with increased production of iron and armaments, especially at the allegheny arsenal and the fort pitt foundry. arms manufacture included iron-clad warships and the world's first 21" gun. by war's end, over one-half of the steel and more than one-third of all u.s. glass was produced in pittsburgh. a milestone in steel production was achieved in 1875, when the edgar thomson works in braddock began to make steel rail using the new bessemer process. industrialists such as andrew carnegie, henry clay frick, charles m. schwab, and george westinghouse built their fortunes in pittsburgh. george westinghouse's advancements included the air brake and was the founder of over 60 companies, including westinghouse air and brake company (1869), union switch & signal (1881), and westinghouse electric company (1886). banks played a key role in pittsburgh's development as these industrialists sought massive loans to upgrade plants, integrate industries and fund technological advances. pittsburgh bankers including andrew w. mellon, with t. mellon & sons bank founded in 1869, helped to finance an aluminum reduction company that became alcoa. ingham (1991) shows how small, independent iron and steel manufacturers survived and prospered from the 1870s through the 1950s, despite competition from much larger, standardized production firms. these smaller firms were built on a culture that valued local markets and the beneficial role of business in the local community. small firms concentrated on specialized products, particularly structural steel, where the economies of scale of larger firms were no advantage. they embraced technological change more cautiously than larger firms. they also had less antagonistic relations with workers and