rtant buildings, was not as lucky. all of the buildings, with the exception of the old u.s. post office, the carnegie library, and buhl planetarium were destroyed and replaced with the "pedestrianized" allegheny center mall and apartments. the city's industrial base continued to grow in the post-war era partly assisted by the area's first agency entirely devoted to industrial development, the ridc. jones and laughlin steel company expanded its plant on the southside. h.j. heinz, pittsburgh plate glass, alcoa, westinghouse, u.s. steel and its new division, the pittsburgh chemical company and many other companies also continued robust operations through the 1960s. 1970 marked the completion of the final building projects of renaissance i: the u.s. steel tower and three rivers stadium. in 1974, with the addition of the fountain at the tip of the golden triangle, point state park was completed. although air quality was dramatically improved, and pittsburgh's manufacturing base seemed solid, questions abound about the negative effects urban renewal continues to have on the social fabric of pittsburgh. pittsburgh, however, was about to undergo one of its most dramatic transformations. like most major cities, pittsburgh experienced several days of rioting following the assassination of martin luther king jr. in april 1968. there were no further major riots, although tension remained high in the inner-city black neighborhoods. reinvention (1973–present)[edit] downtown pittsburgh in july 1974 a similar picture of downtown pittsburgh from mt. washington in december 2005 during the 1970s and 1980s, the u.s. steel industry came under increasing pressure from foreign competition and from american mini-mills constructed inexpensively using salvaged steel.[citation needed] manufacture in germany and japan was booming. foreign mills and factories, built with the latest technology, benefited from lower labor costs and powerful government-corporate partnerships, allowing them to capture increasing market shares of steel and steel products. separately, demand for steel softened due to recessions, the 1973 oil crisis, and increasing use of other materials. the era began with the ridc's "building on basics" report in 1974. collapse of steel[edit] further information: steel crisis free market pressures exposed the u.s. steel industry's own internal problems, which included a now-outdated manufacturing base that had been over-expanded in the 1950s and 1960s, hostile management a