treaty of 1768, ceding the lands south of the ohio to the british crown. european expansion into the upper ohio valley increased. an estimated 4,000 to 5,000 families settled in western pennsylvania between 1768 and 1770. of these settlers, about a third were english-american, another third were scotch-irish, and the rest were welsh, german and others. these groups tended to settle together in small farming communities, but often their households were not within hailing distance. the life of a settler family was one of relentless hard work: clearing the forest, stumping the fields, building

cabins and barns, planting, weeding, and harvesting. in addition, almost everything was manufactured by hand, including furniture, tools, candles, buttons, and needles. settlers had to deal with harsh winters, and with snakes, black bears, mountain lions, and timber wolves. because of the fear of raids by native americans, the settlers often built their cabins near, or even on top of, springs, to ensure access to water. they also built blockhouses, where neighbors would rally during conflicts. increasing violence, especially by the shawnee, miami, and wyandot tribes, led to dunmore's war in 1774. conflict with native americans continued throughout the revolutionary war, as some hoped that the war would end with expulsion of the settlers from their territory. in 1777, fort pitt became a united states fort, when brigadier general edward hand took command. in 1779, colonel daniel brodhead led 600 men from fort pitt to destroy seneca villages along the upper allegheny. with the war still ongoing, in 1780 virginia and pennsylvania came to an agreement on their mutual borders, creating the state lines known today and determining finally that the jurisdiction of pittsburgh region was pennsylvanian. in 1783, the revolutionary war ended, which also brought at least a temporary cessation of border warfare. in the 1784 treaty of fort stanwix, the iroquois ceded the land north of the purchase line to pennsylvania. map of pittsburgh in 1795 after the revolution, the village of pittsburgh continued to grow. one of its earliest industries was boat building. flatboats could be used to carry large numbers of pioneers and goods downriver, while keelboats were capable of traveling upriver. the village began to develop vital institutions. hugh henry brackenridge, a pittsburgh resident and state legislator, introduced a bill that resulted in a gift deed of land and a charter for the pittsb