ssity. these frontier actions contributed to the start of the french and indian war (1754–1763), or, the seven years' war, a global confrontation between britain and france fought in both hemispheres. the fort pitt blockhouse, dating to 1764, is the oldest structure in pittsburgh. in 1755, the braddock expedition was launched, accompanied by virginia militia officer george washington. two regiments marched from fort cumberland across the allegheny mountains and into western pennsylvania. following a path washington surveyed, over 3,000 men built a wagon road 12 feet (3.7 m) wide, that when complete, was the first road to cross the appalachian mountains. braddock's road, as it was known, blazed the way for the future national road (us40). the expedition crossed the monongahela river on july 9, 1755. french troops from fort duquesne ambushed braddock's expedition at braddock's field, nine miles (14 km) from fort duquesne. in the battle of the monongahela, the french inflicted heavy losses on the british, and braddock was mortally wounded. the surviving british and colonial forces retreated. this left the french and their native american allies with dominion over the upper ohio valley. on september 8, 1756, an expedition of 300 militiamen destroyed the shawnee and lenape village of kittanning, and in the summer of 1758, british army officer john forbes began a campaign to capture fort duquesne. at the head of 7,000 regular and colonial troops, forbes built fort ligonier and fort bedford, from where he cut a wagon road over the allegheny mountains, later known as forbes' road. on the night of september 13–14, 1758, an advance column under major james grant was annihilated in the battle of fort duquesne. the battleground, the high hill east of the point, was named grant's hill in his memory. with this defeat, forbes decided to wait until spring. but when he heard that the french had lost fort frontenac and largely evacuated fort duquesne, he planned an immediate attack. hopelessly outnumbered, the french abandoned and razed fort duquesne. forbes occupied the burned fort on november 25, 1758, and ordered the construction of fort pitt, named after british secretary of state william pitt the elder. he also named the settlement between the rivers, "pittsborough" (see etymology of pittsburgh). the british garrison at fort pitt made substantial improvements to its fortification. the french never attacked fort pitt and the war soon ended with the treaty of paris and f