ructural steel, where the economies of scale of larger firms were no advantage. they embraced technological change more cautiously than larger firms. they also had less antagonistic relations with workers and employed a higher percentage of highly skilled workers than their mass-production counterparts. geography of industrialization[edit] beginning in the 1870s, entrepreneurs transformed the economy from small, craft-organized factories located inside the city limits to a large integrated industrial region stretching 50 miles across allegheny county. the new industrial pittsburgh was based on integrated mills, mass production, and modern management organization in steel and other industries. many manufacturers searched for large sites with railroad and river accessibility. they purchased land, designed modern plants, and sometimes built towns for workers. other firms bought into new communities that began as speculative industrial real estate ventures. some owners removed their plants from the central city's labor unions to exert greater control over workers. the region's rugged topography and dispersed natural resources of coal and gas accentuated this dispersal. the rapid growth of steel, glass, railroad equipment, and coke industries resulted in both large mass-production plants and numerous smaller firms. as capital deepened and interdependence grew, participants multiplied, economies accrued, the division of labor increased, and localized production systems formed around these industries. transportation, capital, labor markets, and the division of labor in production bound the scattered industrial plants and communities into a sprawling metropolitan district. by 1910 the pittsburgh district was a complex urban landscape with a dominant central city, surrounded by proximate residential communities, mill towns, satellite cities, and hundreds of mining towns. representative of the new industrial suburbs was the model town of vandergrift, according to mosher (1995). caught up in a dramatic round of industrial restructuring and labor tension, pittsburgh steelmaker george mcmurtry hired frederick law olmsted's landscape architectural firm in 1895 to design vandergrift as a model town. mcmurtry believed in what was later known as welfare capitalism, with the company going beyond paychecks to provide for the social needs of the workers; he believed that a benign physical environment made for happier and more productive workers. a strike and lockout at mcmurt