5 it was the largest buyout in world history involving the company that was no. 7 on the fortune 500 just six years earlier. over 1,000 high paying white collar corporate and phd research jobs were lost in one day. today, there are no steel mills within the city limits of pittsburgh, although manufacture continues at regional mills, such as the edgar thomson works in nearby braddock. higher education[edit] pittsburgh is home to three universities that are included in most under-graduate and graduate school national rankings, the university of pittsburgh, carnegie mellon university and duquesne university. carnegie mellon university and the university of pittsburgh had evolved in the mid-20th century along lines that followed the needs of the heavy industries that financed and directed their development. the collapse of steel put pressure on those two universities to reinvent themselves as research centers in science and technology which acted to pull the regional economy toward high-technology fields. other regional collegiate institutions include robert morris university, chatham university, carlow university, point park university, la roche college, pittsburgh theological seminary, trinity school for ministry (an episcopal seminary) and the community college of allegheny county. beginning in the 1980s, pittsburgh's economy shifted from heavy industry to services, medicine, higher education, tourism, banking, corporate headquarters, and high technology. today, the top two private employers in the city are the university of pittsburgh medical center (26,000 employees) and the west penn allegheny health system (13,000 employees). civic improvements[edit] despite the economic turmoil, civic improvements continued. in the mid-1970s, arthur p. ziegler, jr. and the pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation (landmarks) wanted to demonstrate that historic preservation could be used to drive economic development without the use of eminent domain or public subsidies. landmarks acquired the former terminal buildings and yards of the pittsburgh and lake erie railroad, a 1-mile (1.6 km) long property at the base of mt. washington facing the city of pittsburgh. in 1976, landmarks developed the site as a mixed-use historic adaptive reuse development that gave the foundation the opportunity to put its urban planning principles into practice. aided by an initial generous gift from the allegheny foundation in 1976, landmarks adapted five historic pittsburgh and lake erie