eelworks in apollo, pennsylvania, prompted him to build the new town. wanting a loyal workforce, he developed a town agenda that drew upon environmentalism as well as popular attitudes toward capital's treatment of labor. the olmsted firm translated this agenda into an urban design that included a unique combination of social reform, comprehensive infrastructure planning, and private homeownership principles. the rates of homeownership and cordial relationships between the steel company and vandergrift residents fostered loyalty among mcmurtry's skilled workers and led to mcmurtry's greatest success. in 1901 he used vandergrift's worker-residents to break the first major strike against the united states steel corporation. a further example of a community planned to serve a particular industrial enterprise was wilmerding in the turtle creek valley. it was developed to host the workers of the westinghouse air brake company and others nearby. by about 1910, the companies of george westinghouse and andrew carnegie were widely distributed in the pittsburgh region. their locations, and the locations of several other major industrial enterprises, are numbered in the image and are itemized here: numbered map showing locations of several industrial holdings and other important sites from about 1910. westinghouse air brake: 25th street and liberty avenue westinghouse air brake: allegheny city westinghouse air brake: wilmerding union switch & signal and westinghouse electric: garrison alley union switch and signal: swissvale first westinghouse home and gas wells: "solitude" haymaker gas wells: murrysville other gas wells: murrysville fuel gas line: murrysville to pittsburgh edgar thomson works of carnegie steel: braddock carnegie steel company: homestead westinghouse electric and manufacturing: east pittsburgh westinghouse machine company westinghouse foundries: trafford machine politics[edit] christopher magee and william flinn operated powerful republican machines that controlled local politics after 1880. they were business owners and favored business interests. flinn was a leader of the progressive movement statewide and supported theodore roosevelt in the 1912 election. germans[edit] during the mid-19th century, pittsburgh witnessed a dramatic influx of german immigrants, including a brick mason whose son, henry j. heinz, founded the h.j. heinz company in 1869. heinz was at the forefront of reform efforts to improve food purity, working conditions, hours, and wa