d built fort le boeuf on french creek, from which it was possible at high water to float to the allegheny. by summer, an expedition of 1,500 french and native american men descended the allegheny. some wintered at the confluence of french creek and the allegheny. the following year, they built fort machault at that site. alarmed at these french incursions in the ohio valley, governor dinwiddie of virginia sent major george washington to warn the french to withdraw. accompanied by christopher gist, washington arrived at the forks of the ohio on november 25, 1753. george washington's sketch of monongahela river, allegheny river (named as the upper ohio), and french creek that accompanied his journal (1753) in which he recorded his impressions: as i got down before the canoe, i spent some time in viewing the rivers, & the land in the fork, which i think extremely well situated for a fort; as it has the absolute command of both rivers. the land at the point is 20 or 25 feet (7.6 m) above the common surface of the water; & a considerable bottom of flat well timber'd land all around it, very convenient for building. proceeding up the allegheny, washington presented dinwiddie's letter to the french commanders first at venango, and then fort le boeuf. the french officers received washington with wine and courtesy, but did not withdraw. governor dinwiddie sent captain william trent to build a fort at the forks of the ohio. on february 17, 1754, trent began construction of the fort, the first european habitation at the site of present-day pittsburgh. the fort, named fort prince george, was only half-built by april 1754, when over 500 french forces arrived and ordered the 40-some colonials back to virginia. the french tore down the british fortification and constructed fort duquesne. governor dinwiddie launched another expedition. colonel joshua fry commanded the regiment with his second-in-command, george washington, leading an advance column. on may 28, 1754, washington's unit clashed with the french in the battle of jumonville glen, during which 13 french soldiers were killed and 21 were taken prisoner. after the battle, washington's ally, seneca chief tanaghrisson, unexpectedly executed the french commanding officer, ensign joseph coulon de jumonville. the french pursued washington and on july 3, 1754, george washington surrendered following the battle of fort necessity. these frontier actions contributed to the start of the french and indian war (1754–1763), or,