ncreasingly, commerce would also flow upriver. the war of 1812 catalyzed growth of the iron city. the war with britain, the manufacturing center of the world, cut off the supply of british goods, stimulating american manufacture. in addition, the british blockade of the american coast increased inland trade, so that goods flowed through pittsburgh from all four directions. by 1815, pittsburgh was producing $764k in iron; $249k in brass and tin, and $235k in glass products. when, on march 18, 1816, pittsburgh was incorporated as a city, it had already taken on some of its defining characteristics: commerce, manufacture, and a constant cloud of coal dust. other emerging towns challenged pittsburgh. in 1818, the first segment of the national road was completed, from baltimore to wheeling, bypassing pittsburgh. this threatened to render the town less essential in east–west commerce. in the coming decade, however, many improvements were made to the transportation infrastructure. in 1818, the region's first river bridge, the smithfield street bridge, opened, the first step in developing the "city of bridges" over its two rivers.[citation needed] on october 1, 1840, the original pennsylvania turnpike was completed, connecting pittsburgh and the eastern port city of philadelphia. in 1834, the pennsylvania main line canal was completed, making pittsburgh part of a transportation system that included rivers, roads, and canals. manufacture continued to grow. in 1835, mcclurg, wade and co. built the first locomotive west of the alleghenies. already, pittsburgh was capable of manufacturing the most essential machines of its age. by the 1840s, pittsburgh was one of the largest cities west of the mountains. in 1841, the second court house, on grant's hill, was completed. made from polished gray sandstone, the court house had a rotunda 60 feet (18 m) in diameter and 80 feet (24 m) high. great fire of pittsburgh, 1845 like many burgeoning cities of its day, pittsburgh's growth outstripped some of its necessary infrastructure, such as a water supply with dependable pressure. because of this, on april 10, 1845, a great fire burned out of control, destroying over a thousand buildings and causing $9m in damages. as the city rebuilt, the age of rails arrived. in 1851, the ohio and pennsylvania railroad began service between cleveland and allegheny city (present-day north side). in 1854, the pennsylvania railroad began service between pittsburgh and philadelphia. despite many ch