and grocery stores, in churches, lodge halls, and clubhouses, and in private homes, southern blacks discussed, debated, and decided what was good and what was bad about moving to the urban north. the newly established black communities nearly all endured, apart from johnstown where blacks were expelled in 1923. joe trotter explains how the blacks built new institutions for their new communities in the pittsburgh area: black churches, fraternal orders, and newspapers (especially the pittsburgh courier); organizations such as the naacp, urban league, and garvey movement; social clubs, restaurants, and baseball teams; hotels, beauty shops, barber shops, and taverns, all proliferated. the cultural nucleus of black pittsburgh was wylie avenue in the hill district. it became an important jazz mecca because jazz greats such as duke ellington and pittsburgh natives billy strayhorn and earl hines played there. two of the negro league's greatest baseball rivals, the pittsburgh crawfords and the homestead grays, often competed in the hill district. the teams dominated the negro national league in the 1930s and 1940s. 1930s[edit] pittsburgh was a republican stronghold starting in the 1880s, and the republican governments provided jobs and assistance for the new immigrants in return for their votes. but the great depression starting in 1929 ruined the gop in the city. the democratic victory of 1932 meant an end to republican patronage jobs and assistance. as the depression worsened, pittsburgh ethnics voted heavily for the democrats, especially in 1934, making the city a stronghold of the new deal coalition. by 1936, democratic programs for relief and jobs, especially the wpa, were so popular with the ethnics that a large majority voted for the democrats. joseph guffey, statewide leader of the democrats, and his local lieutenant david lawrence gained control of all federal patronage in pittsburgh after roosevelt's landslide victory in 1932 and the election of a democratic mayor in 1933. guffey and lawrence used the new deal programs to increase their political power and build up a democratic machine that superseded the decaying republican machine. guffey acknowledged that a high rate of people on relief was not only "a challenge" but also "an opportunity". he regarded each relief job as democratic patronage. 1940s[edit] pittsburgh was at the center of the "arsenal of democracy" that provided steel, aluminum, munitions and machinery for the u.s. during world war ii. pit