riangle (pittsburgh). station square is pittsburgh's premier attraction, generating over 3,500,000 visitors a year. it reflects a $100 million investment from all sources, with the lowest public cost and highest taxpayer return of any major renewal project in the pittsburgh region since the 1950s. in 1994, pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation sold station square in to forest city enterprises which created an endowment to help support its restoration efforts and educational programs. each year the staff and docents of pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation introduce more than 10,000 people – teachers, students, adults, and visitors – to the architectural heritage of the pittsburgh region and to the value of historic preservation. during this period, pittsburgh also became a national model for community development, through the work of activists such as dorothy mae richardson, who founded neighborhood housing services in 1968, an organization that became the model for the nationwide neighborworks america. activists such a richardson shared the aim of landmarks to rehabilitate pittsburgh's existing built landscape rather than to demolish and redevelop. in 1985, the j & l steel site on the north side of the monongahela river was cleared and a publicly subsidized high technology center was built. the pittsburgh technology center, home to many major technology companies, is planning major expansion in the area soon. in the 1980s, the "renaissance ii" urban revitalization created numerous new structures, such as ppg place. in the 1990s, the former sites of the homestead, duquesne and south side j&l mills were cleared. in 1992, the new terminal at pittsburgh international airport opened. in 2001, the aging three rivers stadium was replaced by heinz field and pnc park, despite being rejected by voter referendum. in 2010, ppg paints arena, replaced the civic arena, which at the time was the oldest arena in the national hockey league. also in 1985, al michaels revealed to a national tv audience how pittsburgh had transformed itself from an industrial rust belt city. pittsburgh today[edit] present-day pittsburgh, with a diversified economy, a low cost of living, and a rich infrastructure for medicine and education and culture, has been ranked as one of the world's most livable cities. tourism has recently boomed in

pittsburgh with nearly 3,000 new hotel rooms opening since 2004 and holding a consistently higher occupancy than in comparable cities. medicin