amed as the upper ohio), and french creek that accompanied his journal (1753) in which he recorded his impressions: as i got down before the canoe, i spent some time in viewing the rivers, & the land in the fork, which i think extremely well situated for a fort; as it has the absolute command of both rivers. the land at the point is 20 or 25 feet (7.6 m) above the common surface of the water; & a considerable bottom of flat well timber'd land all around it, very convenient for building. proceeding up the allegheny, washington presented dinwiddie's letter to the french commanders first at venango, and then fort le boeuf. the french officers received washington with wine and courtesy, but did not withdraw. governor dinwiddie sent captain william trent to build a fort at the forks of the ohio. on february 17, 1754, trent began construction of the fort, the first european habitation at the site of present-day pittsburgh. the fort, named fort prince george, was only half-built by april 1754, when over 500 french forces arrived and ordered the 40-some colonials back to virginia. the french tore down the british fortification and constructed fort duquesne. governor dinwiddie launched another expedition. colonel joshua fry commanded the regiment with his second-in-command, george washington, leading an advance column. on may 28, 1754, washington's unit clashed with the french in the battle of jumonville glen, during which 13 french soldiers were killed and 21 were taken prisoner. after the battle, washington's ally, seneca chief tanaghrisson, unexpectedly executed the french commanding officer, ensign joseph coulon de jumonville. the french pursued washington and on july 3, 1754, george washington surrendered following the battle of fort necessity. these frontier actions contributed to the start of the french and indian war (1754–1763), or, the seven years' war, a global confrontation between britain and france fought in both hemispheres. the fort pitt blockhouse, dating to 1764, is the oldest structure in pittsburgh. in 1755, the braddock expedition was launched, accompanied by virginia militia officer george washington. two regiments marched from fort cumberland across the allegheny mountains and into western pennsylvania. following a path washington surveyed, over 3,000 men built a wagon road 12 feet (3.7 m) wide, that when complete, was the first road to cross the appalachian mountains. braddock's road, as it was known, blazed the way for the future national r