not including: public streets, any parking area or garage to the extent that it is provided or leased to residents on the same or other premises and provided that the parking or storage of a vehicle by such resident is for use only in connection with, and as accessory to, the occupancy of a dwelling unit in the city; and any parking area or garage operated exclusively by an owner or lessee of a hotel, apartment hotel, tourist court or trailer park, to the extent that the parking area or garage is provided to guests or tenants of such hotel, tourist court or trailer park for no consideration. -6- operator – any person conducting the operation of a parking place or receiving the consideration for the parking or storage of vehicles at such parking places, including but not limited to, any governmental body, governmental subdivision, municipal corporation, public authority, non-profit corporation or any person operating as an agent of one of the aforementioned. this includes the leasing of land in which vehicles are parked and consideration is received. patron – any person entering into a transaction to park or store a motor vehicle at a non-residential parking place for any period of time for consideration, excluding any transaction involving exempt valet parking services. person – any corporation, partnership, business trust, association, estate, trust, foundation or natural person. provider – any person supplying taxable valet parking services. residence – any building designed and used for family living or sleeping purposes other than a hotel, apartment hotel, tourist court or trailer park; and any dwelling unit located in a hotel or apartment. transaction – the activity involved in the parking or storing of a motor vehicle at a non-residential parking place for a consideration excluding exempt valet parking services within the geographic boundaries of the city of pittsburgh. treasurer – the director of the department of finance, his deputies, and their agents. the deputy director of finance serves as city treasurer. valet parking services – for the purposes of these parking tax regulations: exempt valet parking services refers to a service provided to accommodate patrons of any business establishment where a valet parking operator or attendant takes temporary custody of the patrons’ motor vehicle and moves, parks, or stores the vehicle in a parking facility that is owned by or leased exclusively to the establishment, and later return the vehicle to the p