and any other information as may be required by the treasurer. www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance § 202. annual license required no operator shall begin or continue to conduct the operation of a non-residential parking place without obtaining for each individual parking place an annual license from the superintendent of the bureau of building inspection in accordance with title two, article vii, section 253.03 of the code. proof of payment in full of the parking tax is required prior to license issuance or renewal. licenses are not transferable between operators nor can they be transferred from one parking place to another. any operator who ceases to conduct the operation of a parking place shall notify the treasurer and shall return the license applicable thereto to the license operator. any provider of valet parking services is required to hold a valet parking license from the director of mobility and infrastructure in accordance with title five, article vi, section 548.02 of the code. each license must be renewed annually. . -9- article 3: imposition of tax § 301. rate of tax. (a) rate of tax. a tax for general revenue purposes is hereby imposed upon each parking transaction by a patron of a non-residential parking place at the rate of thirty-seven and one-half (37.5) percent for all transactions occurring on or after january 1, 2009. the rate of tax may be changed for any tax year by the legislative actions of the mayor and city council. however, the tax rate may not exceed the rate permitted by the municipal pension plan funding standard and recovery act, 53 p.s. § 895.902. (b) calculation of tax. the following method must be used to compute the tax, whether the tax total is taken from individual cash register tapes or where individual tax collections are not kept for each ticket: simplified calculation. for ease of administration and tax collection, the tax return presumes that gross collections include both total consideration from the patron and collected parking tax from the patron. under this simplified calculation the applicable tax rates is 27.273% times gross collections. the rate of tax is defined above and will be applied as follows: parking fee x tax rate = parking tax due for example, where the tax rate is 37.5%: $1,000.00 x 37.5% = $375.00 $1,550.00 x 37.5% = $581.25 (c) calculation of total payment. the following method shall be used to compute the total payment collected by the operator and paid by the patron, whether the tax total is t