the books, records, accounts, or other material in the person’s custody when required by the code shall, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall, upon conviction by a magistrate, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500) and costs for each offence, and in default of payment thereof may be imprisoned for not more than fifty (50) days for the first occurrence; (5) each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed; (6) the fines and terms of imprisonment imposed under this section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the city of a monetary nature under the provisions of these regulations. § 604. suits for recovery of unpaid taxes. the treasurer may sue in the name of the city of pittsburgh, in law or in equity, for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the parking tax, to compel the production of records, or to enforce any other provisions of the law. § 605. limitations. (a) the following periods of limitations will apply to suits for collection of taxes: (1) when a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid must be filed within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later. where no return was filed, there will be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes; (2) in the case of a deficiency assessment, suit must be filed within three (3) years after the assessment has been made. (b) the limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases: (1) where no return was filed, there is no limitation; (2) where the return is fraudulent, there is no

limitation; (3) when there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty-five percent (25%) or more, and not due to fraud, suit must be begun within six (6) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later. (c) a return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date. § 606. – installment payment plan for any deficiency in the appropriate circumstances, the treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer further collection action, if the taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the -24- treasurer. the treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of the city. the taxpayer must specifically request the ins