cars that could be parked in the parking place; (3) underreporting or failure to report the number of tickets issued to patrons; -16- (4) underreporting or failure to report the numbers on tickets issued to patrons; (5) failing to issue tickets, tags, or lease tags; (6) underreporting or failure to report hours of operation; (7) underreporting or failure to report duration of any specific parking instance; or (8) underreporting or failure to report duration of leases. (c) types of revenue control equipment. if, as a condition of licensing, an operator is required to install revenue control equipment, the equipment shall meet one of the following specifications: (1) type a. type a shall be of the type that has entrance and exit gate arms; synchronized ticket dispenser; fee computer inclusive of printer and fee indicator; and counters. this equipment shall have the capability of recording the date and time that a vehicle enters and leaves a non- residential parking place and the amount of consideration and parking tax collected by an operator, and shall meet the specifications of the license officer. (2) type b. type b shall be of the type that counts every vehicle that enters and

leaves a non-residential parking lot and shall include a count module and computer; and shall meet the specifications of the license officer. § 404. posting of rates. every operator shall post and maintain in a conspicuous place, at each entrance, a sign printed in letters of such uniform size and character as to be easily read by prospective customers, showing the operator’s name, lot address, operator’s license number, and a schedule of rates. the schedule of rates must include the rates to be charged on an hourly, daily, sunday, holiday, event and special bases, and weekly, monthly and yearly leases, which corresponds to those rates stated in the operator’s application for a parking license. the schedule of rates must be posted in one of the formats listed below: format a. a complete schedule listing the category, total charge to the patron with the parking tax included: category fee 1 hour $1.38 2 hours $2.75 3 hours $4.13 all day parking $6.19 special events $6.88 weekly leases $27.50 monthly leases $89.38 annual leases $825.00 -17- format b. a complete schedule listing the category, parking fee, parking tax, and the total charge to the patron: category fee + tax = total 1 hour $1.00 $0.38 $1.38 2 hours $2.00 $0.75 $2.75 3 hours $3.00 $1.13 $4.13 all day parking $4.50 $1.69 $