axpayer’s property in appropriate circumstances. the treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments if the treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection. the treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due, and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances. see, local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.702. § 602. penalty and interest. (a) if for any reason the parking tax is not paid in whole or in part when due, a penalty at the rate of five percent (5%) per month of the amount of the parking tax will be added and collected as penalty for every month or fraction thereof during the time the parking tax goes unpaid, such penalty not to exceed fifty percent (50%). once due and owing, penalty becomes part of the parking tax. (b) in addition to the penalty, interest of one percent (1%) for every month or fraction thereof will be added to the delinquent tax balance which will continue to accrue until the full payment of the tax principal is made. in no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the municipal claims and tax liens act, 53 p.s. 7143, or applicable law. (c) on any additional parking fee determined to be due as a result of a deficiency notice, penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the parking tax should have been paid to the date of payment. penalty and interests are calculated in section 602(a) and 602(b), respectively. (d) where suit is brought for the recovery of the parking tax, the person liable therefor shall, in addition, be liable for the costs of collection, penalties, and interest herein imposed. (e) a person’s belief that no parking tax is due and owing, or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required by the code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties for violation herein. good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty. -22- § 603. violations and fines. (a) violations. no person shall violate any provisions of the city code including, but not limited to any violation under title seven, art. vii section 763 or title five, art. vii, section 548, of the pittsburgh code, including, but not limited to: (1) fail, neglect, or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under these regulations; (2) fail, neglect, or refuse to pay in part or in whole the parking tax when it is due as required by th