rn has been filed and a tax is found to be due, the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the operator or provider. deficiency assessments (i.e., where operator or provider has filed a return but is found to owe additional tax) must include records for up to five (5) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed. where no return was filed, there will be no limit to the period of assessment. any assessment will be issued in accordance with 53 pa.c.s. § 8427 (a) if records are not available in the city to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed, the taxpayer will be required to make them available to the treasurer either by producing them in a city location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the treasurer in traveling to the place where -20- the records are regularly kept. (b) a taxpayer or employer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests for information from the city or its agents, unless an extension of time is granted in accordance with 53 pa.c.s. § 8424. (c) any information gained by the treasurer, by designated agents, or by any other official or agent of the city, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, hearings or verifications required or authorized by the code, shall be confidential except for official purposes, and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order, or as otherwise provided by law. 53 pa.c.s. § 8437. -21- article 6: violations § 601. remedies not mutually exclusive. the remedies provided in this article are not mutually exclusive. the utilization by the treasurer of one or more remedies does not preclude utilization another. moreover, use of any or all of the remedies provided in these sections does not preclude the use by the city of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the operator with the provisions of the code and these regulations. once it has been determined that that a taxpayer owes a tax, the treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim. such action may include obtaining additional information, auditing taxpayer records, entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax, or obtaining liens on the taxpayer’s property, wage attachments, levies, and seizures and sales of the taxpayer’s property in appropriate circumstances. the treasurer may enter into a written agreement wi