ch operator, on forms prescribed by the treasurer, shall file by the fifteenth day of each month, returns for the preceding month showing the consideration received with respect to each parking place during the preceding month together with the amount of tax due and collected thereon. any operator with more than one parking place shall file a separate return for each individual parking place. at the time of filing the return, the operator shall pay to the treasurer all tax due and collected for the period to which the return applies. (b) information required. operators shall provide all information as required to complete the return and the pittsburgh parking tax daily report, as prescribed by the treasurer, including but not limited to, the following information: (1) total consideration received for each category of parking. categories should include, but are not limited to, hourly, daily, evening, event, weekly, monthly, lease and prepaid amounts; (2) beginning and ending ticket numbers and serial numbers for leases for each category shall be indicated beside the day of reported activity; and (3) the amount of tax due. -11- (c) missing tickets. whenever any tickets or ticket stubs issued during the preceding month are missing or unaccounted for at the time of filing the return the operator must report on a form prescribed by the treasurer, the number of missing or unaccounted for tickets from the preceding month and shall pay to the treasurer, by the fifteenth day of the subsequent month, a fee equal to the maximum daily rate for each ticket that is missing or unaccounted for from the preceding month. (d) adjustments. all adjustments must include a full, detailed explanation showing the adjusted amounts, the reason for the adjustment, the category of parking, and the period in which the collections were originally reported. the explanation must include a clear indication of the amount of any parking tax collected from the patron and proof the tax was subsequently refunded to the patron. an amended return for the adjusted period may be required. (e) forms for returns may be obtained from, and shall be filed with: treasurer, city of pittsburgh department of finance 414 grant st rm 206 pittsburgh pa 15219 (f) failure to obtain or receive the necessary forms will not excuse the agent for failure to file a return and pay the tax due and collected in a timely manner. (g) signature required. where an operator is an individual, he must personally sign the return