t or unit of the device may be rendered inoperative by switch, button or other means. -15- (2) where space is reserved on a lease or contract basis: (a) the serial number of such lease or contract must be evident on the vehicle which corresponds with the signed lease or contract number. no tickets are to be issued for lease customers; (b) this sticker/permit/placard to be affixed to each vehicle shall be approved by the treasurer; and (c) leases are to be issued in serial number order. (3) mechanical or electro-mechanical devices or methods for counting, registering and recording parking transaction information, other than as specifically described in these regulations, shall be approved by the treasurer and the licensing officer. (c) parking meters. a parking facility which uses parking meters activated by a coin or token shall not be required to display evidence of the parking transaction on each vehicle. clear detailed logs and records of all money collected from each meter shall be kept by the operator. (d) free parking for employees. if no consideration is received for free parking for employees, a list of each employee’s name, job title and license plate number shall be maintained. this list shall be maintained for all free parking at a paid parking facility. (e) other methods. methods for counting, registering and recording parking transaction information, other than as specifically in these regulations, shall be approved by the treasurer and the licensing officer. written authorization of the treasurer shall be required to change or alter the numerical sequence of any tickets. § 403. revenue control equipment. (a) pursuant to city code, title seven, article vii, section 763.03 (g), the owner or operator of a non-residential parking place that has consistently underreported gross revenues and tax to the treasurer may be required, as a condition for licensing, to install an electro-mechanical device which monitors and counts the number of vehicles admitted to and leaving from a non-residential parking place. (b) underreporting. an owner or operator may be deemed to be consistently underreporting gross revenue and tax for, but limited to, any of the following reasons: (1) underreporting or failure to report gross revenue to the treasurer; (2) underreporting or failure to report the number of cars parked in the parking place and/or the maximum number of cars that could be parked in the parking place; (3) underreporting or failure to report the number o