nner. (g) signature required. where an operator is an individual, he must personally sign the return; if a partnership or association, a signature of one general partner or member is required; if a corporation, the return must be signed by the officer of the corporation authorized to file tax returns. (h) if an operator has more than one parking lot or garage, each place of operation must be registered with the department of finance, parking tax division, and a return for each individual place of operation is required to be filed with the data to each, separately reported for every month and part thereof of said activity. (i) failure to complete the forms as required. a return will not be considered filed unless the operator complies with all of the above provisions pertaining to filing of returns and includes all of the information requested on the prescribed forms. any return not complying with all of the requirements prescribed by this chapter will be considered a non-compliance violation and deemed incomplete. § 304. payment of tax. each operator, on forms prescribed by the treasurer, shall file by the fifteenth day of each month, returns for the preceding month’s transactions and shall include the payment of the tax due and collected. checks shall be made payable to: treasurer, city of pittsburgh. cash payments must be made to the financial control office located on the first floor of the city county building along with the appropriate tax reporting -12- documents. § 305. acceptance of tax return. (a) acceptance of the return filed by the operator/agent and/or negotiation by the treasurer of the payment tendered therewith does not constitute a final acceptance by the treasurer of the accuracy or completeness of the self- assessed return and tax payment. the treasurer may also elect to treat any such filing and/or payment as a partial disposition of the operator/agent’s liability. (b) the treasurer, or any agent designated by him/her, reserves the right to make spot checks of returns filed, to make such corrections as appear necessary upon the face of the return, to submit additional billings or request additional information, and to make refunds or credits based on the self-assessed returns without accepting as final any document or payment arising from such cursory examination. (c) all returns filed, payments negotiated, credits applied or refunds remitted are conditional. acceptance is final only after a duly approved audit or by operation of law. -