of these regulations are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the parking tax, and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than five (5) years from the filing date -19- or due date, whichever is later, in order to enable the treasurer to verify the correctness of the declarations or returns. § 503. examination of books and records. (a) agents designated by the treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books, papers, and records of any operator or supposed operator, in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return, or if no declaration or return was filed, to ascertain the tax due. every operator or supposed operator, is hereby directed and required to give to the treasurer, or to any agent designated by him/her, the means, facilities, and opportunity for such examinations and investigations, as are hereby authorized. (b) if records are not available in the city of pittsburgh to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed, the operator will be required to make them available to the treasurer either by producing them in a city of pittsburgh location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept. (c) the treasurer may issue and serve subpoenas to carry out these provisions. (d) any information gained by the treasurer, by designated agents, or by any other official or agent of the city of pittsburgh, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, hearings or verifications required or authorized by the code, shall be confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order, or as otherwise provided by law. § 504. record retention. operators and providers who collect the parking tax are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than five (5) years from the filing date or due date whichever is later in order to enable the treasurer to verify the correctness of the declarations or returns filed. § 505. audits. if, as a result of an examination conducted by the treasurer, a return is found to be incorrect, the treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the parking tax. if no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due, the tax actually due may be assessed and collected w