registration form and any alterations made to said locations shall be provided to the treasurer by way of a revised draft. -14- (b) record retention. all books, records, daily record sheets and ticket stubs must be retained by the operator of a parking facility for a period of five (5) years subsequent to the year of the transaction. this requirement will apply to all cases unless advance written permission to destroy such data has been obtained from the treasurer. § 402. evidence of parking transactions. every vehicle in a parking place will display evidence of the parking transaction, except as specifically described below: (a) manually issued tickets. (1) tickets must be numbered, dated, and issued in serial number sequence. numbers on additional ticket purchases will be continued sequentially. written authorization by the treasurer shall be required to change the numerical sequence or series of any ticket. (2) where an operator conducts business at more than one location, a separate set of tickets will be issued at each location. (3) when a flat rate is charged for parking, a separate set of tickets will be issued for each rate. (4) if a space is reserved on a lease or contracted basis the serial number of such lease or contract will be evident on the vehicle which corresponds with the signed lease or contract number. this sticker/permit/placard shall be approved by the treasurer. no tickets shall be issued for lease customers. leases shall be issued in serial number order. (b) mechanically issued tickets. a parking facility which uses and maintains a mechanical device for counting and registering all vehicles entering or leaving the facility on a meter or meters and which device is activated by the vehicle in such a way as to ensure a record of each vehicle, is not required to display evidence of the parking transaction on each vehicle where the following requirements are met: (1) where the parking rate is measured by units of time: (a) tickets shall be issued to all patrons in serial number sequence showing the date and time of entry; (b) tickets shall be arranged so that part of each ticket showing the parking period and charge is retained as part of the operator’s records; (c) the ticket ejector shall be synchronized with the registering and counting device; and (d) the counting device or meter must register every vehicle without exception and no part or unit of the device may be rendered inoperative by switch, button or other means. -15- (2) where