ector of finance also serves as the city treasurer and school treasurer. references to the treasurer in these regulations refer to the deputy director and/or the department of finance. -5- article 1: general provisions § 101. authorization. pursuant to “the local tax enabling act,” act 511 of 1965, p.l.1257; 53 p.s. § 6924, and the city code, title ii, article i, chapter 201.04, the treasurer of the city of pittsburgh is authorized to prescribe, adopt, promulgate, and enforce regulations pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the code. § 102. definitions. the following words and phrases when used in these regulations shall have the meaning ascribed to them as they appear in section 253.01 of the pittsburgh code, except where the context clearly indicates a different meaning. when referring to valet parking services, the following words and phrases when used in these regulations shall have the meaning ascribed to them as they appear in section 548.01 of the pittsburgh code, except where the context clearly indicates a different meaning. consideration – the payment or compensation of any nature, received by the operator from or on behalf of the patron, upon an express or implied contract or under a lease or otherwise, whether or not separately stated, and whether paid in cash or credited to an account, for each transaction involving the parking or storing of a vehicle provided by the person on whose behalf the motor vehicle is parked or stored by some other person. in the case of taxable valet parking services, consideration includes the payment of compensation of any nature, received by the provider from or on behalf of the valet parking services patron, upon an express or implied contract, whether or not separately stated and whether paid in cash or credited to an account. consideration does not include the tax imposed and collected under chapter 253 of the pittsburgh code. dwelling unit – a building, or portion thereof, designed for occupancy for residential purposes and having cooking facilities and sanitary facilities. gross collections – total consideration paid by the patron plus collected parking taxes. month – a calendar month. non-residential parking place or parking place – any place within the city, whether wholly or partially enclosed or open, at which vehicles are parked or stored for any period of time in return for a consideration, not including: public streets, any parking area or garage to the extent that it is provided or leas