t his principal employer is located in the city. 8. on january 1, an employee worked for an employer in municipality “a” and paid $10. in june the employee started a new job in the city and will make over $12,000 at this job. is the employer required to withhold the lst from the employee? answer: yes. the employer must still withhold $42 ($52 less $ 10 previously paid) if the employee provides proof that the $10 was paid to municipality “a”. then the employer must pro-rate the $42 based on the remaining payroll periods. second option: the employer at his option may also deduct a lump sum

equal to the prior periods that were missed. this payroll deduction should also include the current payroll deduction that he and his co-workers are liable for. for example, if he is paid once a week, he would add $1 to his lump sum prior liability, and this would be deducted from one paycheck. 9. an employee files his exemption certificate late. the employer has already withheld $52. can the employee apply for a refund? answer: yes. the employee should request the refund from the employer. it is permissible and recommended that his employer refund the current year lst and make an adjustment for their next quarterly remittance to the city for the current year. if the employer does not refund the lst, the employee can apply for a refund from the city after the employer’s fourth quarter payment and summary form is filed at the end of january of the following year (see section 301(j)). the city is not required to pay interest until 75 days after the fourth quarter or when the taxpayer files for a refund, whichever is later. -7- 10. employee works 4 months in the city and earns $20,000. his employer is located outside the commonwealth of pennsylvania. is the employee required to pay the $52 lst? answer: yes. 11. is a self-employed person or a partner who has an office in the city or who works out of his home located in the city subject to the lst? answer: yes. a self-employed person or partner is subject to the $52 lst. the tax may be prorated and paid quarterly. article iii collection at source section 301 – collection through employers a. every employer not registered with the city shall, within 15 days after first becoming an employer, register with the city the employer’s name, address and such other information as the city may require. b. all employers and self-employed individuals are required to collect the local services tax from all employees engaged in an occupation