nds from the employer, the employer’s representative, or any other person receiving such trust funds. 53 p.s. § 6924.705(b)(1). the failure or omission of any employer to make the correct deductions required by this section shall not relieve any employee from the payment of the tax or the balance determined to be due, together with penalty and interest from the date the tax was due, or from complying with the requirements of the code relating to the filing of declarations and returns. article iv administration and enforcement section 401 – powers and duties of treasurer a. it shall be the duty of the treasurer to collect and receive the taxes, fines, and penalties imposed in accordance with the city code, title ii, article vii, chapter 252. it shall also be the duty of the treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt. b. the treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the city code, and is empowered to prescribe, adopt, promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the code, including provisions for the reexamination and corrections of declarations and returns, and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect, or as to which an overpayment is claimed or found to have occurred, and to prescribe forms necessary for the -9- administration of the code. c. the treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer. section 402 – examination of books and records of taxpayers and employers a. agents designated by the treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books, papers and records of any employer or supposed employer, or of any taxpayer or supposed taxpayer, in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return, or if no declaration or return was filed, to ascertain the tax due. every employer or supposed employer, and every taxpayer or supposed taxpayer, is hereby directed and required to give to the treasurer, or to any agent designated by him, the means, facilities and opportunity for such examinations and investigations, as are hereby authorized. b. if records are not available in the city to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed, the taxpayer will be required to make them available to the treasurer either by producing them in a city location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept. c. a ta