eof may be imprisoned for not more than fifty (50) days. 2. the fines imposed under this section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the city of a monetary nature under the provisions of this article. 3. each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine can be imposed. -12- section 506 – installment payment plan for any deficiency in the appropriate circumstances, the treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer further collection action, if the taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the treasurer. the treasurer will approve installment payment plans only if such a plan is in the best interests of the city. the taxpayer must specifically request the installment payment plan from the treasurer. for the required terms of any installment plan see, second class city treasurer’s sale and collection act, 53 p.s. § 27207 and local taxpayer bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8436. if the taxpayer fails to abide by the terms of the installment payment plan, the treasurer may demand immediate payment of tax, penalty and interest. article vi taxpayer remedies section 601 – treasurer’s hearing any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the treasurer shall, within ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment, request a treasurer’s hearing on a form obtained from the treasurer for that purpose. 53 pa.c.s. § 8431. the treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a taxpayer for a hearing. a. any taxpayer who fails to request a treasurer’s hearing within a timely manner, waives the right to contest any element of the assessment, and that party’s failure to challenge the treasurer’s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the assessment. b. the written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum: 1. the taxpayer’s name, address, and daytime telephone number. 2. the taxpayer’s account and/or social security number. 3. a copy of the assessment notice the taxpayer received from the finance department. 4. a detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the taxpayer disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the taxpayer’s claims. 5. taxpayer’s signature. c. the completed petition should be mailed to: treasurer hearings treasurer – city of pittsburgh 414 grant st pittsburgh pa 15219-2476 d. any taxpayer may request a treasurer’s hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed. e. the tr