pation within the city for each calendar year. it shall be paid over to the treasurer as set forth in chapter 252. each natural person who engages in an occupation shall pay a tax in the amount of $52 in accordance with the provisions of chapter 252 of the city code. rate of tax –$52 – a person subject to the local services tax shall be assessed a pro rata share of the tax for each payroll period in which the person is engaging in an occupation. the pro rata share shall be determined by dividing the rate of the local services tax levied for the calendar year by the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar year. example: $52/26 pay periods equal $2 per pay. employers are required to remit the local services tax thirty days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year. for purposes of this tax, sole proprietors and partners shall be deemed to be employees. the situs of the local services tax shall be the place of employment, but, in the event a person is engaged in more than one occupation or municipality at the same time, the priority of claim to collect such tax shall be the municipality in which a person is principally employed for the pay periods in question. beginning in 2008 a person seeking to claim an exemption from the local services tax may annually file an exemption certificate with his employer. the employee shall attach to the exemption certificate a copy of all the employees last pay stubs or w-2 forms from employment within the political subdivision for the year prior to the calendar year. exemption certificates can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance beginning in 2008, the following persons are exempt from this tax: (1) any person whose total earned income and net profits from all sources within the city is less than twelve thousand dollars ($12,000) for the calendar year; (2) any person who served in any war or armed conflict in which the united states was engaged and is honorably discharged or released under honorable circumstances from active service if, as a result of military service, the person is blind, paraplegic or a double or quadruple amputee or has a service connected disability declared by the united states veteran’s administration or its successor to be a total one hundred percent permanent disability; or ( 3 ) any person who serves as a member of a reserve component of the armed forces and is called to active duty at any time during the taxable year. for purposes of this subsecti