is deemed to be filed on the due date. -11- section 504 – penalty and interest a. if for any reason the local services tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum on the amount of tax and an additional penalty of five percent (5%) per month for each month or fraction of a month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax. 53 p.s. § 6924.706. the penalty shall not exceed fifty percent (50%). in no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the municipal claims and tax liens act, 53 p.s. § 7143, or applicable law. b. penalty and interest on deficiency assessment. on any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment, penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment. penalty and interest is calculated as described in paragraph (a) above. where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax, the person liable therefore shall, in addition, be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein imposed. a person’s belief that no tax is due and owing, or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the city code, chapter 211, is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation. good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty. section 505 – fines and penalties for violation of applicable provisions of title two, pittsburgh code a. violations – no person shall: 1. fail, neglect, or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under the city code; 2. refuse to permit the treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books, records or accounts of any business, taxable or otherwise, to determine liability; 3. make any incomplete, false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax due to avoid payment in whole or in part, of the local services tax; 4. divulge information, which is confidential under chapter 201.06 of the code; or 5. fail to make any payment when it is due. b. fines 1. when a person has been adjudged in violation of the applicable provisions by a member of the minor judiciary, the person shall be fined not more than five hundred ($500.00) dollars and costs for each offense, and in default of payment thereof may be imprisoned for not more than fifty (50) days. 2. the fines imposed under this section sha