es incurred by the treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept. c. a taxpayer or employer has 30 days from the mailing date to respond to written requests for information from the city or its agents, unless an extension of time is granted in accordance with 53 pa.c.s. § 8424. d. any information gained by the treasurer, by designated agents, or by any other official or agent of the city, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, hearings or verifications required or authorized by the code, shall be confidential except for official purposes, and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order, or as otherwise provided by law. 53 pa.c.s. § 8437. section 403 – records to be kept by the employer employers are required to keep such records, including exemption certificates, which will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the local services tax (ls-1 and ls-3). such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date, whichever is later, in order to enable the treasurer or any designated agent to verify the correctness of the declarations or returns filed. section 404 - audits if, as a result of an examination conducted by the treasurer, a return is found to be incorrect, the treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the local services tax. if no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due, the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the taxpayer. deficiency assessments (i.e., where taxpayer has filed a return in good faith but is found to owe additional tax) shall include taxes for three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed. where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to the period of assessment. any assessment will be issued in accordance with 53 pa.c.s. § 8427 -10- article v suits for tax collections, violations, fines, interest & penalties section 501 – remedies not mutually exclusive the remedies provided in section 502 or section 505 are not mutually exclusive. the utilization by the treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other. moreover, use of either or both of the remedies provided in these sections does not preclude the use by the city of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the taxpayer with the provisions of chapter 252 of the cod