dividuals are required to collect the local services tax from all employees engaged in an occupation within the city, unless the employee files an exemption certificate with the employer. exemption certificates must indicate a basis for exemption and must be retained for 3 years. c. employers are required to remit the local services tax within thirty (30) days after the end of each quarter of a calendar year. for purposes of this tax, sole proprietors and partners shall be deemed to be employees. when to file and pay – the employer shall file a return of taxes deducted for each three-month period (quarter) on or before the last day of the month following each three- month period. first quarter (03): january 1 thru march 31 (due april 30) second quarter (06): april 1 thru june 30 (due july 31) third quarter (09): july 1 thru september 30 (due october 31) fourth quarter (12): october 1 thru december 31 (due january 31) d. any employer, who discontinues business or ceases operation before december 31 of the current tax year, shall within fifteen (15) days after discontinuing business or ceasing operation, file the return hereinabove required and pay the tax to the treasurer. e. the failure of any employer to deduct the tax shall not relieve the employee from the duty to file a return and pay the tax. the employee must first contact the city of pittsburgh finance department at 412-255-2510 then file an ls-3 form. no employer shall be held liable for failure to withhold the local services tax to a political subdivision if the failure to withhold taxes arises from incorrect information submitted by the employee as to the employee’s place or places of employment. any employer who fails to deduct the tax as required by this section, or who fails to pay the tax to the treasurer, shall be liable for such tax in full. -7- as to employees who present official receipts evidencing prior payment of the tax either directly or by collection through other employers in pennsylvania, the employer shall not deduct the tax but shall maintain adequate records concerning the employees. f. the employer must list on the employee’s pay stub how much was withheld and list the municipality it was paid to. list pittsburgh as “pgh”. g. upfront exemption. employers are required to discontinue withholding the lst if an employee provides an exemption certificate showing that he has earned income and/or net profits of less than $12,000. the exemption certificate must verify that the employe