edure which can bring about compliance by the taxpayer with the provisions of chapter 252 of the code. section 502 – suits for recovery of unpaid taxes the treasurer may sue in the name of the city, in law or in equity, for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the local services tax, to compel the production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the code, title ii, article i, chapter 211. once it has been determined that that a taxpayer owes a tax, the treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim. such action may include obtaining additional information, auditing taxpayer records, entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax, or obtaining liens on the taxpayer’s property, wage attachments, levies, and seizures and sales of the taxpayer’s property in appropriate circumstances. the treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the taxpayer for payment of the tax in installments if the treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection. the treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due, and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances.

see, local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.702. section 503 - limitations a. the following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes. 1. where a return was filed but no tax paid, any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall begin within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later. 2. in the case of a deficiency assessment, within three (3) years after the assessment has been made. b. the limitations set forth in paragraph (a) should not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases: 1. when no return was filed, there is no limitation. 2. when the return is fraudulent, there is no limitation. 3. when there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty-five percent (25%) or more, and not due to fraud, suit must begin within six (6) years. c. deficiency assessments (i.e., where taxpayer has filed a return in good faith but is found to owe additional tax) shall include taxes for three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed. where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to the period of assessment. a return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date. -11- section 504 – penalty and interest a. if for any reason