result of the exemption; and (2) the same amount per payroll period that is withheld from other employees. j. the employer must attach a summary on a cd or hard copy with the fourth quarter payment listing the following information:  employer’s name, address in pittsburgh, federal id number, and the employer’s city account number. -8-  the summary must include an employee’s name, social security number, wages, address and the amount of local service tax withheld and paid to pittsburgh for the complete calendar year.  please see the lst tax form at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance for the format to use on cd.  concurrent employment. if a taxpayer has two or more jobs in different political subdivisions during a payroll period, the priority of claim to collect the lst is as follows: 1. where the taxpayer maintains his principal office or is principally employed; 2. where the taxpayer resides and works; and 3. where the taxpayer is employed that is nearest in miles to the taxpayer’s home. k. if any employer fails or refuses to pay over to the treasurer any tax required to be withheld under this section by the due date, a penalty of 5% for every month or fraction thereof that the tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected, the penalty is capped at 50%. interest at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum on the amount of tax unpaid for each month or fraction of a month that tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected. section 302 – direct payment by taxpayer every taxpayer who is self-employed, a partner, or any taxpayer that did not have the tax withheld for any other reason, shall file a ls-3 form and shall pay the tax directly to the treasurer. the tax is $52 and should be pro-rated and paid on a quarterly basis. taxpayers shall file and pay the tax 30 days after the end of each quarter. section 303 – liability of employers and employees any employer required to withhold the tax in accordance with the city code and with these regulations shall be personally liable for payment of the tax in the event he fails, refuses or neglects to withhold or transmit the tax or any portion thereof, in addition to the interest and penalties. any taxes deducted and withheld from employees, plus any penalties and interest thereon, constitute a trust fund for the benefit of the city. the failure to timely remit such funds allows the city to collect such trust funds from the employer, the employer’s representative, or any other person receiving such trust funds