ted by the political subdivision of the taxpayer’s primary place of employment. occupation – any livelihood, job, trade, profession, business or enterprise of any kind for which any compensation is received. a person may have more than one occupation. an individual who is an employee, self-employed, or a partner in an unincorporated association carrying on a livelihood, job, trade, profession, business or enterprise of any kind for which compensation is received shall be deemed to have an occupation. partner – any partner in a partnership, any member of a limited liability company, any member of a business trust, or other owner of any unincorporated association which is carrying on an occupation, who is also a natural person, shall be deemed to be a partner in an unincorporated association. person or individual – a natural person. whenever used in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty the word “person” as applied to partnerships, shall mean the partners thereof, and as applied to corporations and unincorporated associations, shall mean the officers thereof. persons subject to local services tax – any person who is an employee, partner in an unincorporated association, or self-employed individual who has compensation or income from within the city, associated with an occupation, shall be subject to the lst, unless he or she is an exempt person. -4- tax year – a twelve (12) month period from january 1 to december 31. taxpayer – a person, partnership, limited partnership, association, unincorporated or otherwise, corporation, institution, trust, governmental body, unit or agency or any other entity situated or doing business in the city, liable for tax under chapter 252 of the city code. treasurer – references to the treasurer in these regulations refer to the director and/or the department of finance. the director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in the city. the deputy director of finance serves as city treasurer. article ii imposition of tax section 201 – time frame a local services tax has been levied pursuant to the city code, title ii, article vii, chapter 252, for the period january 1 thru december 31 for the purposes of supplementing the funds for (1) police, fire and/or emergency services; (2) road construction and/or maintenance; or (3) reduction of property taxes. this tax was levied for the privilege of engaging in an occupation within the city for each calendar year. it shall be paid over to the treasurer as set forth i