taxpayer may request a treasurer’s hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed. e. the treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 pa.c.s. § 8428. f. the treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the taxpayer’s complete and accurate petition form. -13- section 602 - appeals any taxpayer aggrieved by the decision of the treasurer, following a hearing, shall have the right to make an appeal to the court of common pleas of allegheny county, in accordance with the taxpayers bill of rights. 53 pa.c.s. § 8434. this appeal must be commenced within thirty (30) days of the date of the treasurer’s decision. if no such appeal is timely filed, the aggrieved party waives his right to contest any element of the treasurer’s adjudication, and that party’s failure to challenge the same will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the treasurer’s decision. no hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid. section 603 – payment under protest the treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals; however, any request for refund of such monies must be filed in accordance with section 604. section 604 - refunds a. a taxpayer who has overpaid the local services tax, or who is not liable for the local services tax, may file a written request with the department of finance for a refund or a credit of the tax. a request for refund or a credit shall be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the return or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. if no return is required, the request shall be made within three (3) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. all refunds shall be processed consistently with section 2 of the local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.301.1(f)(9)(vii) and the local taxpayer bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s § 8426. b. for amounts paid as a result of a notice assessing or informing a taxpayer of an underpayment, a written request for a refund shall be filed with the department of finance within one (1) year of the date of the payment. c. refunds made within seventy-five (75) days of a refund request or seventy-five (75) days after the last day the employer is required to remit the local services tax for the last quarter of the cale