rces and is called to active duty at any time during the taxable year. for purposes of this subsection, “reserve component of the armed forces” shall mean the united states army reserve, united states navy reserve, united states marine corps reserve, united states coast guard reserve, united states air force reserve, the pennsylvania army national guard or the pennsylvania air national guard. -5- examples for local service tax (lst) 1. how is the lst deducted from the employee’s pay and remitted to the city? example, employees work full time in the city and all employees earn $12,000 or more. what is the employer’s responsibility? answer: the employer is required to withhold the pro-rata share of the tax by dividing $52 by the number of payroll periods established by the employer for the calendar year. the $52 tax would be collected at $1 per week for taxpayers paid weekly or at $4.33 per month for taxpayers paid monthly. when calculating the pro-rata share, employers are required to round down to the nearest one-hundredth of a dollar. the employer must remit the lst quarterly. the lst form is provided by the city. the tax should be paid the month following the end of each quarter. the lst forms can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance 2. at the beginning of the year, an employee expects to earn a total of $10,000 in the city for the entire calendar year. should the employer withhold the lst? answer: no. if an employee files an exemption certificate with his employer stating that he will earn less than $12,000 for the entire year, the employer is not required to withhold the lst. the employer is required to have the exemption certificate available for employees to complete. the exemption certificate can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance 3. a new hire files an exemption certificate with his employer. the employer and his employee realize with 13 weeks left in the year that he will earn $12,000 because he is working more hours than anticipated. he is paid weekly. is his employer responsible for withholding the lst now? answer: yes. after the employer realizes that the employee will earn $12,000 or more, the employer must withhold $40 ($39 + $1) from the next pay to catch-up then $1.00 a pay for the remaining 12 pays for a grand total of $52. 4. employee has two part-time jobs; one located in the city which pays him $8,000 a year and another in municipality “a” that pays him $7,000 a year. does this person need to pay the lst? a