come and/or net profits of less than $12,000. the exemption certificate must verify that the employee reasonably expects to receive earned income and/or net profits of less than $12,000 from all sources within the city for the calendar year for which the exemption certificate is filed. a copy of the employee’s final pay stubs or w-2 forms from employment within pittsburgh for the year prior to the calendar year for which the employee is requesting an exemption must be attached to the exemption certificate. employers must make upfront exemption forms readily available to employees at all times and provide new employees with the forms at the time of hiring. employers are relieved of liability due to incorrect information on the exemption certificate completed by the employee. employers are only required to withhold the lst on a payroll period basis for those payroll periods in which the taxpayer is employed. however, when two or more employers employ a taxpayer in a payroll period, an employer is not required to withhold the lst if the taxpayer provides a pay stub from his/her principal employer accompanied by an employee statement of principal employment that the pay stub is from the taxpayer’s principal employer and that the taxpayer will notify the employer of any change in employment. employers are relieved of liability for the tax if they fail to withhold the tax due to incorrect information provided by the taxpayer regarding the taxpayer’s principal employer. h. military exemption. employers must exempt from the lst: (1) members of a reserve component of the armed forces called to active duty and (2) honorably discharged veterans who served in any war or armed conflict who are blind, paraplegic, or a double or quadruple amputee as a result of military service or who are 100% disabled from a service-connected disability. i. restoration of withholding. employers must “restart” withholding the lst from an employee who files an exemption certificate in the following circumstances:  if instructed to do so by the political subdivision levying the lst;  if notified by the employee that he is no longer eligible for the exemption; or  if the employer pays the employee $12,000 or more for the calendar year. employers “restart” withholding of the lst by withholding (1) a “catch-up” lump sum equal to the amount of tax that was not withheld from the employee as a result of the exemption; and (2) the same amount per payroll period that is withheld from other empl