and another in municipality “a” that pays him $7,000 a year. does this person need to pay the lst? answer: no. the taxpayer should file an exemption certificate with both employers and have no lst deducted. the taxpayer is not subject to the lst since he did not earn $12,000 in any single municipality. if the tax was withheld the employee could file a refund claim with each municipality after january 31 of the following year. the refund request form can be downloaded at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance - the form is listed as lst refund form. 5. an individual works january thru june in the city and july thru december in municipality “a”. he earns $10,000 a month at both jobs and is paid once a week. what is his liability to pittsburgh? answer: his employer in the city should withhold $1 a week for 26 pay periods and remit $26 along with his other employees’ deductions to the city. municipality “a” would be entitled to the lst for the 2nd half of the year. the employee should provide proof of lst paid for the first half of the year to municipality “a”. -6- 6. an individual works july thru december in the city. he did not work january thru june, anywhere. he earns $10,000 a month. does he owe the $52 lst to the city? answer: yes. his employer knows that this employee is over the $12,000 low income exemption level. no exemption certificate has been filed. the $52 may be prorated for the rest of the year; however the employer should withhold $52 because that is what the employee owes. second option: the employer at his option may also deduct a lump sum equal to the prior periods that were missed. this payroll deduction should also include the current payroll deduction that he and his co-workers are liable for. for example, if he is paid once a week, he would add $1 to his lump sum prior liability, and this would be deducted from one paycheck. 7. an employee has 2 jobs and both are part time. both started at the beginning of january. job #1 is in the city and pays the employee $1,000 a month. job #2 is in municipality “a” and paid the taxpayer $500. where should the tax be paid? answer: since both jobs started at the same time, the job that pays the employee the most should be considered his principal job and in this case it would be the city. the lst should be paid to the city. the employee should file an exemption certificate with municipality “a” or proof that his principal employer is located in the city. 8. on january 1, an employee worked for an employer