uiz after the american civil war, great numbers of european immigrants swelled pittsburgh’s population, and industrial magnates such as andrew carnegie, henry clay frick, and thomas mellon built their steel empires there. the city became the focus of historic friction between labour and management, and the american federation of labor was born there in 1881. map of pittsburgh, c. 1900map of pittsburgh (c. 1900), from the 10th edition of encyclopædia britannica.(more)by 1900 the city’s population had reached 321,616. growth continued nearly unabated through world war ii, the war years bringing a particularly great boon for the economy. the population crested at more than 675,000 in 1950, after which it steadily declined; by the end of the century, it had returned almost to the 1900 level. most citizens were still of european ancestry, but the growing african american proportion of the population exceeded one-fourth. during the period of economic and population growth, pittsburgh had come to epitomize the grimy, polluted industrial city. after the war, however, the city undertook an extensive redevelopment program that emphasized smoke-pollution control, flood prevention, and sewage disposal. in 1957 it became the first american city to generate electricity by nuclear power. the contemporary city by the late 1970s and early ’80s, the steel industry had virtually disappeared—a result of foreign competition and decreased demand. many of the surrounding mill towns were laid to waste by unemployment, becoming a symbol of the notorious rust belt, the u.s. region where steelmaking and manufacturing once thrived before succumbing to widespread unemployment and poverty. pittsburgh, however, successfully diversified its economy through more emphasis on light industries—though metalworking, chemicals, and plastics remained important—and on such high-technology industries as computer software, industrial automation (robotics), and biomedical and environmental technologies. numerous industrial research laboratories were established in the area, and the service sector became increasingly important. pittsburgh long has been one of the nation’s largest inland ports, and it remains a leading transportation centre. duquesne universitystudent union, duquesne university, pittsburgh.(more)much of the golden triangle has been rebuilt and includes point state park (containing fort pitt blockhouse and fort pitt museum), the gateway center (site of several skyscrapers and a garden)