n volumes, and the carnegie music hall. the pittsburgh symphony orchestra performs at heinz hall, a restored movie theatre. phipps conservatory and botanical gardens (1893), which covers 15 acres (6 hectares), is noted for its extensive greenhouses. the city’s zoo, in the northeastern highland park neighbourhood, includes an aquarium. two new sports venues opened in 2001 on the north bank of the allegheny opposite the golden triangle: pnc park is home of the pirates, the city’s professional baseball team, and acrisure stadium houses the steelers, its professional football team. the penguins, pittsburgh’s professional ice hockey team, plays at ppg paints arena. popular summertime attractions include riverboat excursions on pittsburgh’s waterways and kennywood, an amusement park southeast of the city in west mifflin. the editors of encyclopaedia britannicathis article was most recently revised and updated by amy tikkanen. pittsburgh introductionhistorythe contemporary city references & edit history related topics images for students pittsburgh summary quizzes guess the city by its river quiz related questions who are historically the u.s.’s allies? what are the two major political parties in the u.s.? contents downtown pittsburgh downtown pittsburgh; fort pitt bridge (centre foreground) spans the monongahela river. (more) pittsburgh pennsylvania, united states ask the chatbot a question more actions print print print please select which sections you would like to print: table of contents cite verifiedcite while every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. select citation style mla apa chicago manual of style copy citation share share share to social media facebook x url https://www.britannica.com/place/pittsburgh feedback external websites feedback corrections? updates? omissions? let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article (requires login). feedback type select a type (required) factual correction spelling/grammar correction link correction additional information other your feedback submit feedback thank you for your feedback our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article. external websites crw flags - pittsburgh, pennsylvania, united states united states history - history of pittsburgh, pennsylvania national park service - pittsburgh, pennsylvania britannica websit