by unemployment, becoming a symbol of the notorious rust belt, the u.s. region where steelmaking and manufacturing once thrived before succumbing to widespread unemployment and poverty. pittsburgh, however, successfully diversified its economy through more emphasis on light industries—though metalworking, chemicals, and plastics remained important—and on such high-technology industries as computer software, industrial automation (robotics), and biomedical and environmental technologies. numerous industrial research laboratories were established in the area, and the service sector became increasingly important. pittsburgh long has been one of the nation’s largest inland ports, and it remains a leading transportation centre. duquesne universitystudent union, duquesne university, pittsburgh.(more) duquesne universitystudent union, duquesne university, pittsburgh.(more) duquesne universitystudent union, duquesne university, pittsburgh.(more) duquesne universitystudent union, duquesne university, pittsburgh.(more) student union, duquesne university, pittsburgh. (more) much of the golden triangle has been rebuilt and includes point state park (containing fort pitt blockhouse and fort pitt museum), the gateway center (site of several skyscrapers and a garden), and the david l. lawrence convention center. the university of pittsburgh was chartered in 1787. other educational institutions include carnegie mellon (1900), duquesne (1878), point park (1960), chatham (1869), and carlow (1929) universities and two campuses of the community college of allegheny county (1966). access for the whole family! bundle britannica premium and kids for the ultimate resource destination. subscribe access for the whole family! bundle britannica premium and kids for the ultimate resource destination. subscribe access for the whole family! bundle britannica premium and kids for the ultimate resource destination. subscribe access for the whole family! bundle britannica premium and kids for the ultimate resource destination. subscribe access for the whole family! bundle britannica premium and kids for the ultimate resource destination. access for the whole family! bundle britannica premium and kids for the ultimate resource destination. subscribe carnegie library of pittsburghcarnegie library of pittsburgh in 1901.(more) carnegie library of pittsburghcarnegie library of pittsburgh in 1901.(more) carnegie library of pittsburghcarnegie library of pittsburgh in 1901.(more) carnegie library