ort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. select citation style mla apa chicago manual of style copy citation share share share to social media facebook x url https://www.britannica.com/place/pittsburgh feedback external websites print print print please select which sections you would like to print: table of contents print print please select which sections you would like to print: table of contents print print please select which sections you would like to print: table of contents print print please select which sections you would like to print: table of contents table of contents cite verifiedcite while every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. select citation style mla apa chicago manual of style copy citation verifiedcite while every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. select citation style mla apa chicago manual of style copy citation verifiedcite while every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. select citation style mla apa chicago manual of style copy citation verifiedcite while every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. select citation style copy citation share share share to social media facebook x url https://www.britannica.com/place/pittsburgh share share to social media facebook x url https://www.britannica.com/place/pittsburgh share share to social media facebook x url https://www.britannica.com/place/pittsburgh share share to social media facebook x facebook x url feedback external websites feedback corrections? updates? omissions? let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article (requires login). feedback type select a type (required) factual correction spelling/grammar correction link correction additional information other your feedback submit feedback thank you for your feedback our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise