er. the university of pittsburgh was chartered in 1787. other educational institutions include carnegie mellon (1900), duquesne (1878), point park (1960), chatham (1869), and carlow (1929) universities and two campuses of the community college of allegheny county (1966). access for the whole family! bundle britannica premium and kids for the ultimate resource destination. subscribe carnegie library of pittsburghcarnegie library of pittsburgh in 1901.(more)central to the city’s cultural life is the carnegie museums of pittsburgh (formerly carnegie institute), an umbrella organization consisting of a number of institutions. its museums include those for the fine arts and natural history (both founded in 1895), the carnegie science center (1991), which now also houses the henry buhl, jr., planetarium and observatory (1939), and the andy warhol museum (1994), which exhibits the works of the pittsburgh-born artist and filmmaker. other institutions affiliated with the organization are the carnegie library of pittsburgh, which contains more than 3.3 million volumes, and the carnegie music hall. the pittsburgh symphony orchestra performs at heinz hall, a restored movie theatre. phipps conservatory and botanical gardens (1893), which covers 15 acres (6 hectares), is noted for its extensive greenhouses. the city’s zoo, in the northeastern highland park neighbourhood, includes an aquarium. two new sports venues opened in 2001 on the north bank of the allegheny opposite the golden triangle: pnc park is home of the pirates, the city’s professional baseball team, and acrisure stadium houses the steelers, its professional football team. the penguins, pittsburgh’s professional ice hockey team, plays at ppg paints arena. popular summertime attractions include riverboat excursions on pittsburgh’s waterways and kennywood, an amusement park southeast of the city in west mifflin. the editors of encyclopaedia britannicathis article was most recently revised and updated by amy tikkanen. contents downtown pittsburgh downtown pittsburgh; fort pitt bridge (centre foreground) spans the monongahela river. (more) pittsburgh pennsylvania, united states ask the chatbot a question more actions print print print please select which sections you would like to print: table of contents cite verifiedcite while every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions. sele