irit means no pursuit is too complex, and no question is too unconventional to explore.whether pioneering groundbreaking brain research, creating visionary art that challenges perspectives or developing next-generation technologies like self-driving cars, we go all in on big ideas that move the world forward. see how we transform bold ideas into extraordinary impact that changes everything. don’t envision the future, invent it every day at carnegie mellon university, academic and research excellence isn't just what we strive for — it's the uncompromising standard. our entrepreneurial spirit means no pursuit is too complex, and no question is too unconventional to explore.whether pioneering groundbreaking brain research, creating visionary art that challenges perspectives or developing next-generation technologies like self-driving cars, we go all in on big ideas that move the world forward. see how we transform bold ideas into extraordinary impact that changes everything. at carnegie mellon university, academic and research excellence isn't just what we strive for — it's the uncompromising standard. our entrepreneurial spirit means no pursuit is too complex, and no question is too unconventional to explore.whether pioneering groundbreaking brain research, creating visionary art that challenges perspectives or developing next-generation technologies like self-driving cars, we go all in on big ideas that move the world forward. see how we transform bold ideas into extraordinary impact that changes everything. at carnegie mellon university, academic and research excellence isn't just what we strive for — it's the uncompromising standard. our entrepreneurial spirit means no pursuit is too complex, and no question is too unconventional to explore. whether pioneering groundbreaking brain research, creating visionary art that challenges perspectives or developing next-generation technologies like self-driving cars, we go all in on big ideas that move the world forward. see how we transform bold ideas into extraordinary impact that changes everything. cmu stands apart cmu stands apart # 1 best undergraduate software engineering program u.s. news & world report # 5 best graduate engineering school u.s. news & world report # 7 world’s top drama school the hollywood reporter # 1 best undergraduate software engineering program u.s. news & world report # 5 best graduate engineering school u.s. news & world report # 7 world’s top drama school the hollywood reporter # 1