nt it every day at carnegie mellon university, academic and research excellence isn't just what we strive for — it's the uncompromising standard. our entrepreneurial spirit means no pursuit is too complex, and no question is too unconventional to explore.whether pioneering groundbreaking brain research, creating visionary art that challenges perspectives or developing next-generation technologies like self-driving cars, we go all in on big ideas that move the world forward. see how we transform bold ideas into extraordinary impact that changes everything. cmu stands apart # 1 best undergraduate software engineering program u.s. news & world report # 5 best graduate engineering school u.s. news & world report # 7 world’s top drama school the hollywood reporter view all our rankings & awards who we are and what we do cmu fosters a community of fearless trailblazers united by a shared passion for innovation and excellence. learn about our strategic partnerships and global presence. vision, mission and values explore cmu’s key initiatives and values, from our strategic plan to diversity. learn more about our history and what makes us so cmu. leadership meet our board of trustees, president, senior administration members and deans. our regional impact explore our partnerships with pittsburgh and the commonwealth of pennsylvania to create lasting economic and community change. cmu locations carnegie mellon is a university without borders, with campuses in pittsburgh, silicon valley, qatar and africa. our collaborative efforts empower researchers in solving global issues. cmu population by the numbers 16,335 + students representing 126+ countries 1,586 + faculty representing 63+ countries 127,691 + alumni representing 150+ countries view cmu fact sheet (pdf) the latest at cmu oct 01, 2025 the long game: years of cmu discoveries drive new parkinson's treatment sep 30, 2025 peacocks eating ice cream: cmu philosophers teaching ai to ask 'why?' sep 23, 2025 chemists can discover new materials more quickly with ai sep 23, 2025 carnegie mellon named a top 20 us university sep 22, 2025 better screening tool for sickle cell disease progression jun 05, 2025 kirsten martin appointed the h. john heinz iii dean of the heinz college of information systems and public policy about carnegie mellon don’t envision the future, invent it every day at carnegie mellon university, academic and research excellence isn't just what we strive for — it's the uncompromising standard. our ent