ese individuals to long-term services and supports, we relieve pressure on the systems in place to assist people who experience crises. nationally, these programs are known to provide systems-level cost-savings. trauma survivors assistance program the trauma survivors assistance program (tsap) is a partnership between the office of community health & safety (ochs) and the three bureaus of public safety. tsap social workers engage with victims of crime and survivors of trauma to provide emotional support and link them to appropriate trauma and crisis response services to stabilize them and begin the process of healing. tsap also provides community trauma response following shootings and other instances of violence, providing a supportive debriefing space and linkage to resources in a larger group setting. 195 city of pittsburgh operating budget office of community health and safety fiscal year 2025 102300 law enforcement assisted diversion (lead) law enforcement assisted diversion (lead) is an effective, replicable, and equitable diversion method that provides individuals with intense case management. it is a client-based approach that provides people with substance use disorder and mental and behavioral health challenges, experiencing homelessness and poverty with person-centered social services and intense case management focused on harm reduction and compassion in lieu of criminalization. the goal of lead is to break with traditional methods rooted in coercion and punishment to address the needs of individuals experiencing poverty, homelessness, substance use disorder, and mental and behavioral health challenges. lead combats racial and ethnic disparities within the criminal-legal system that have been perpetuated by harmful systems, stigmatization and lack of access to services. the initiative ignites a pathway towards criminal justice reform specifically to end harmful policing and criminalizing minorities and vulnerable populations. the mission of lead for the city of pittsburgh is to reduce criminal-legal system engagement, promote individual agency, and provide care and support to people who use drugs, people with mental and behavioral health challenges, and people experiencing homelessness through person-centered social services. lead will combat racial and ethnic disparities within the criminal-legal system that have been perpetuated by harmful systems, stigmatization, and lack of access to services. lead is currently operating in zones 1 and 2 an