e disaster are afforded the opportunity to receive services and support for long-term safety needs as permissible by law. this position coordinates the day-to-day operational aspects as well as works with law enforcement on training and maintaining community awareness of services available to victims of crime and natural or man-made disasters, and liaises with city and county agencies to ensure coordinated services. • the park ranger program is a vital connection between the city of pittsburgh’s parks and its park users. park rangers act as park ambassadors for the department of public safety by educating park visitors/ users on park offerings, programs, activities, local ordinances, rules, and regulations. park rangers also engage park visitors in mutually respectful ways that benefit and develop relationships and appropriate park use. 155 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of public safety - bureau of administration fiscal year 2025 210000 nighttime economy - nighttime economy supports the food, beverage and entertainment events that enhance pittsburgh’s quality of life and attractiveness to visitors and relocating companies. however this industry can present unique potential public safety risks and quality of life impacts. further, consumer demand is forceful and trends populate quickly, often well in advance of policies that could address issues. responsible hospitality includes planning, monitoring, managing, and policing. the nighttime economy coordinator facilitates these activities and upholds sociable city pittsburgh’s vision: “safe and vibrant places to socialize for visitors and pittsburghers of all ages, cultures and lifestyles” and the sociable city's mission: “retain and grow the economic value of the social and nighttime economy while effectively preventing and addressing nuisance activities, managing public safety risks and alleviating quality of life impacts.” the nighttime economy coordinator is additionally charged with implementing the long range recommendations from the sociable city plan, as well as facilitating key stakeholders to guide policy changes and resource allocation to support and sustain pittsburgh’s nighttime economy. group violence intervention initiative - group violence intervention (gvi) plays a crucial role in reducing neighborhood violence. it is partnership between law enforcement, street outreach workers, social services and the community who mediates and interrupts violence from spreading. office of em