tive and efficient use of available resources in order to sustain the delivery of quality services to the residents of the city of pittsburgh. departmental/bureau overview the office of management and budget is organized into the following core teams to strengthen citywide financial and grant management: management - this team provides overall leadership and direction for the city and oversees departmental planning and management functions. capital and asset management - this team is responsible for the preparation and implementation of the annual capital budget and six-year capital improvement program; planning and administration of the city’s asset management function; and the development and financial oversight of the city’s long-term infrastructure investment plan. community development - this team coordinates programs that provide the city with resources to address a wide range of unique community needs. the primary goals of the community development division are to improve housing conditions; foster community and economic development; improve public facilities; and improve and enhance the quality of life for residents of the city of pittsburgh, most specifically those with low-income. these initiatives are funded by the u.s. department of housing and urban development and include the following programs: community development block grant ('cdbg"), home investment partnership ('home"), emergency shelter grant ("esg"), and housing opportunities for persons with aids ("hopwa"). operating and special revenue - this team is responsible for the preparation and implementation of the annual operating budget and five-year forecast; long-term financial planning; financial policy development; maximizing opportunities to pursue, secure, and effectively administer grants from federal, state, county, corporate, and foundation partners; leading the transformation of the city’s finance functions, talent, processes, and technologies; and the management of enterprise-wide projects that will have a significant financial and/or operational impact. the grants office is housed within this group. procurement - this team is responsible for organizing and directing the day-to-day operations of the procurement function; driving improvements in procurement processes, policies, and technology; and implementing cost management initiatives related to procurement, warehousing, and inventory management. 2024 accomplishments • management ◦ created and hired management analysts to hel