ning, and general administration. the capital projects fund is used to fund construction and/or maintenance of any public property, facility, or program (such as buildings, park facilities, infrastructure, information technology systems) that is expected to provide a long-term benefit to the city. all projects funded by debt should meet two requirements: a minimum value of $50,000 and a life expectancy greater than five years. funding for the capital projects fund comes from three major sources: pay-as-you-go (paygo) funding, bonds, and state and federal funds. for more detail on the capital budget and what it funds, please refer to the 2025 capital budget document. community development funds are funded primarily by the federal department of housing and urban development (hud). these funds are earmarked for projects relating to housing, economic development, and human services needs in neighborhoods with a high concentration of low- to moderate-income households. special revenue funds are funds in which a substantial portion of the proceeds or inflows are restricted or committed for a specific purpose. examples of these include the liquid fuels fund, the pittsburgh partnership fund, and the grants fund. while they are included in this document, the city only sets formal appropriations for two of the funds: the stop the violence fund, and the parks tax fund. although many of these include the word “trust” in their titles, this is more of an informal recognition that the funds are designated for special purposes; the funds are not held by any trustees or custodians. fiduciary funds are used to account for resources held for the benefit of parties outside the government. these resources are not available to support the city of pittsburgh’s own operations and are custodial

in nature. the city’s pension plans and its agency funds fall under this type of fund. • the city administers three pensions for full time employees: one for police officers, a second for firefighters, and a third for municipal employees. • agency funds include accounts held for employee benefits, payroll withholding, escheats, and tax refunds. the workers compensation veba (voluntary employee beneficiary account), the opeb (other post-employment benefits) trust fund, and real estate tax refunds trust funds are examples of fiduciary funds. budget allocations this budget document divides total expenditures across the elected offices, departments, and bureaus that comprise the government of