6% 3.1% 3.1% city council 2025 expenditures by subclass 56 - supplies 52 - personnel-employee benefits 51 - personnel-salaries & wages 62 office of the city clerk 63 city of pittsburgh operating budget office of the city clerk fiscal year 2025 101200 description of services the office of the city clerk provides city council with centralized staff support. the city clerk is elected by members of city council every three years and is responsible for the due, proper, and faithful performance of all operational matters of city council. under the direction of council, the clerk division coordinates and schedules all official city council meetings and public hearings and provides constituent and legislative support. this division oversees, guides, tracks and records the entire legislative process, from the introduction of proposed legislation to final approval and publication. all proposed ordinances and resolutions are submitted for processing. this division also oversees the signature process on all approved legislation. the city clerk records the legislation to the municipal record book. the records management division serves as a document and information resource for city council, city departments, and all government and outside entities and the general public. the records management division is responsible for maintaining a citywide records management system. they maintain custody, control, filing, and storage of all legislation, books, papers, minutes and other written and recorded documents and material pertaining to the operation of city government. the city council budget division monitors city finances and conducts analysis of city operations and policy matters. this division analyzes all legislation relating to finances that pass through city council, prepares and distributes to council periodic reports on revenues, expenditures and other financial trends relative to the financial operation and fiscal condition of the city. the division produces, supervises, and reviews the city’s final annual operating, capital, and community development budgets and compiles special reports and executive summaries for council to assist them in their deliberations. other divisions include the public engagement division and the solicitor division. 64 city of pittsburgh operating budget office of the city clerk fiscal year 2025 101200 position summary 2024 rate/ hours/ 2024 2025 rate/ hours/ 2025 title fte grade months budget fte grade months budget city clerk 1 35g 12