ange from prior year (0.7)% 1.3% 3.3% 2.4% 4.9% office management and budget 2025 expenditures by subclass 58 - miscellaneous 51 - personnel-salaries & wages 57 - property 52 - personnel-employee benefits 56 - supplies 53 - prof. & technical services 55 - other services 54 - property services 80 department of innovation and performance 81 82 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of innovation & performance fiscal year 2025 103000 mission the mission of the department of innovation & performance (i&p) is to elevate the work of city government. to accomplish this, i&p continues to focus on developing and strengthening the core it infrastructure of the city while also improving it service responsiveness for all city workers. i&p will also continue supporting all other departments to implement enterprise applications, data governance and digital services. further, i&p engages and partners with colleagues across all departments to drive innovation, performance improvement and operational excellence across the city on behalf of the residents of pittsburgh. departmental/bureau overview the department of innovation & performance is divided into the following six service teams: it operations reliability - supports core it infrastructure, including systems administration, network engineering and telecommunications configuration, as well as providing it help services to fulfill requests and resolve it- related incidents. security and risk - responsible for cybersecurity risk assessments and the application of best practices to mitigate and remediate identified threats. business technology - supports enterprise applications, geospatial information systems, data engineering, digital services and organizational performance analytics. within business technology, the innovation team is responsible for it project management, business relationship management, technology training support and civic innovation such as the award-winning pgh lab program and the city's digital equity efforts. operations performance excellence (ope) - supports city executives and staff as an internal consultancy to help them meet high priority operational goals. through performance coaching and process improvement training, ope supports all departments to advance their innovative efforts toward better services delivery to the community. communications – includes the city cable bureau, the official city government cable television team, along with communications services which is responsib