areas include: recreation programs – the recreation programs division is committed to providing opportunities for residents and nonresidents of all ages to participate in directed recreational, educational, and enrichment-focused programs and activities. this area includes the operation of our recreation centers and fitness gyms, organized citisports/ sports programming, activities at the schenley ice rink and mellon tennis center, and the implementation of summer and after-school youth camps and programs. the recreation system has a specific focus on providing services to families and opportunities for pittsburgh’s youth to have a safe and enriching place during out of school time hours. senior and wellness programs – citiparks operates thirteen healthy active living centers which are focused on improving the physical, intellectual, social, cultural, and financial health and interests of older residents. the senior program partners with other area agencies in delivering quality health and wellness programs, and works to address the needs of individuals as they age. food system programs – in addition to the direct meal support that we offer to seniors and children, the citiparks department also supports a number of initiatives that are focused on improving pittsburgh’s food system. this includes staffing the operations at four of the city’s farmers markets, supporting urban agriculture through the city farms program, and implementing the newly created pittsburgh food justice fund. community programs – community programs and events are focused on activating our park and recreation spaces to engage city residents in a whole host of enriching experiences. our office of special events is charged with hosting movies, music, races, and other key city events including the 4th of july and light up night. our community enrichment team operates the roving art cart, participates in special recreational programs, partners with pps schools, and organizes and plans annual premier celebrations like alphabet trail & tales and track n' treat. a specific focus of this program area is the rec2tech initiative. this program focuses on the development and delivery of technology focused programs, coding, and other tech-adjacent learning initiatives. aquatics programs – the aquatics division is responsible for providing city residents with access to safe pools and aquatic activity year-round. the aquatics division operates 18 city of pittsburgh pools and 9 spray parks during the