rcent wage tax applied to city and school district residents who earn wages, salaries, tips, bonuses, or other net profits in a given year. city residents pay a 1 percent city tax and a 2 percent school district tax. interest, dividends, active duty pay from the armed forces, pensions, social security, and capital gains are commonly excluded. the payroll preparation tax was initiated following the city of pittsburgh’s entry into act 47 in 2003 and is levied at the rate of 0.55 percent on the gross payroll of employers and the distribution of net income from self-employed individuals, members of partnerships, associations, joint ventures or other entities who perform work or provide services within the city of pittsburgh. nonprofit and other charitable organizations are excluded from this tax. 22 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget guide finally, the parking tax is collected from users of private and public parking facilities located within the city of pittsburgh. a portion of the parking tax is dedicated to the city of pittsburgh’s pension fund until 2051. in 2023, actual tax revenue totaled $513,723,794, or 78.1 percent of total city revenue. city of pittsburgh voters approved a referendum in 2019 to add 0.50 mills to the real estate tax to collect funds for the improvement of the city's parks. these funds are not deposited into the general fund. please see the parks tax trust fund section for more information. non-tax revenue “non-tax revenue” is a catch-all term referring to funding mechanisms utilized by the city of pittsburgh that do not directly involve the levying of taxes. residents may be familiar with examples such as building construction permits and liquor and malt beverage licenses. however, there are other types of non-tax revenue, such as interest earnings on investments, that are less visible. generally, the two largest subclasses of non-tax revenue for the city of pittsburgh come from intergovernmental sources and license and permit fees. each year, the city of pittsburgh receives funding from federal, state, and local government sources in the form of grants, aid, and reimbursements for services performed. for example, the liquid fuels tax object account consists of funds received from the state and offsets some of the costs of road maintenance and road salt. most intergovernmental funding comes from the commonwealth of pennsylvania in the form of pension aid. local entities, such as the pittsburgh parking authorit