the designated tax collector for the pittsburgh school district and the carnegie library. in addition to collections of revenue, the finance department performs a number of other functions. this includes the sale of tax delinquent properties through treasurer’s sales, sale of city-owned property, tax assessment appeals, and citywide cash management. the department performs business tax audits and ensures that money owed to the city is collected in a timely manner. the department also manages city debt through bonds and borrowing and manages the city’s comprehensive municipal pension trust fund. to ensure accuracy and transparency the department also facilitates citywide annual single and pension audits. the department has five major divisions, each with several sub-sections, led by the director and deputy director. administration and treasury division - the director of finance oversees all departmental functions and policies and is responsible for managing debt functions. the director also oversees all collections and billing of taxes as city treasurer and is responsible for communicating and interacting with the city council. the director/ city treasurer units are responsible for managing all administrative functions. the city treasurer is the designated treasurer for the pittsburgh school district, is responsible for tax collections related to the district, and is the responsible agent for the collection and distribution of the carnegie library portion of real estate taxes. the treasurer oversees the collection of the earned income tax through the city’s contractor, jordan tax services. business intelligence division - the business intelligence unit (biu) reports to the director of finance. this unit is responsible for all operation improvement projects within the department as well as citywide organizational processes and performance. this unit manages all requests for proposals originating in the department, manages projects to include major technology updates, and recommends and implements new datasets and open data initiatives. the business intelligence unit is also responsible for managing the credit card programs citywide and all legislation processes required to manage citywide contracts. it is also responsible for creating policies to align with department goals to increase efficiency and productivity. the unit focuses on improvements that will help increase revenue as well as lower operational costs citywide. real estate division - this unit man