social services and the community who mediates and interrupts violence from spreading. office of emergency management - the office of emergency management (oem) works to reduce the vulnerability of the populace and property of the city to injury and loss resulting from natural or man-made disasters. this office also provides prompt and efficient rescue, care, and treatment of persons threatened or victimized by disaster; provides for rapid and orderly restoration and recovery following disasters; and educates the public regarding their responsibilities in responding to

disasters affecting the city of pittsburgh. comprised of representatives from pbp, pbf, and ems, with oversight by the director’s office, the restructured oem works together with other departments to formulate strategies and policies for planned events, and potential natural and man-made events utilizing the national incident management system. office of film & event management - the newly organized office of film & event management is currently comprised of two full-time staff who are tasked with receiving and vetting applications for small and large-scale events and film productions within the city of pittsburgh. it is responsible for consulting with both film and event permit applicants to ensure that industry standards, safety regulations, and city policies are followed and met, as well as working with all city departments to ensure proper planning, coordination, and execution of events and film projects. additionally, it will ensure that events and film productions do not negatively impact the city’s operations and remain positive assets to the city and its residents. lastly, this office chairs the special events committee and assists in the safe and effective planning of large scale city-wide events. public information office/media - the public information office budget includes four full-time employees: one public information officer, one deputy public information officer, one assistant public information officer, and one social media specialist. the pio office’s mission is to tell the whole story of public safety, not just what the media covers, and to foster a collaborative environment between public safety and the public by promoting and practicing transparency. the pio’s office provides information to the public, primarily through social media but also through traditional media, on behalf of all public safety departments. public safety technology - the office of public safety te