53 - prof. & technical services 52 - personnel-employee benefits 51 - personnel-salaries & wages 143 department of permits, licenses, and inspections 144 145 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of permits, licenses, & inspections fiscal year 2025 130000 mission the department of permits, licenses, and inspections’ mission is to improve residents’ quality of life by increasing the safety of the built environment. departmental/bureau overview the department of permits, licenses, and inspections (pli) regulates development, maintenance of existing buildings and property, and business and trade licenses. pli is organized into four divisions. construction division the construction division regulates: • development on a parcel including the construction, demolition, renovation, and occupancy of buildings and structures and site work per the building code requirements of the pittsburgh city code (pcc) title 10 building code. • development within the public right of way including building elements such as handicap ramps that project or extend into the public right of way and occupiable structures located in the public right of way per the building code requirements of the pcc title 10 building code. • installation and alteration of building systems per the building code requirements of the pcc title 10 building code except for plumbing systems regulated by allegheny county health department’s article xv plumbing code. • installation of stormwater infrastructure on a parcel per pcc title 13 stormwater management. • development enforcement on behalf of the department of city planning (dcp) per pcc title 9 zoning and title 11 historic preservation. the construction division duties are: • reviewing development design. • issuing permits to authorize development. • inspecting development installations. • enforcing development regulations. • issuing certificates of occupancy to document legal use of buildings and property. code enforcement division the code enforcement division regulates: • maintenance of buildings, structures, and property per the property maintenance code requirements of the pcc title 10 building code. • maintenance of fire and life safety systems per the fire code requirements of the pcc title 10 building code. • development enforcement on behalf of the dcp per pcc title 9 zoning and title 11 historic preservation. •

business licenses per pcc title 7 business licenses. the code enforcement division duties are: • enforcing property maintena