ion titles. section 10. the appropriations related to grants, trust funds, and special revenue funds contained in this budget document shall be used as a guide. the revenues and expenditures of city accounts other than the general operating budget are authorized by their enabling legislation. 6 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget authorizing legislation section 11. the city council budget director is authorized to make minor technical and formatting changes to the budget document as needed. no changes shall change the funding of any department or bureau, or otherwise

be substantive in nature. 7 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget authorizing legislation resolution 926 of 2024 resolution fixing the number of officers and employees of the city of pittsburgh for the 2025 fiscal year, and the rate of compensation thereof, and setting maximum levels for designated positions. be it resolved by the council of the city of pittsburgh as follows: section 1. from and after january 1, 2025, the number of officers and employees of all departments, bureaus, and offices of the city of pittsburgh, and the rate of compensation thereof, are hereby fixed and established as set forth herein. section 2. to ensure the capacity of the city to provide an effective level of municipal services which will meet the economic, physical and social needs of its citizens, residents, visitors and neighborhoods during the 2025 fiscal year, those positions designated by sections 3, 4, and 5 of this resolution shall remain filled for the entire year, subject to any reasonable time periods required to replace existing officers or employees who leave city employment for any reason during the year. there shall be no increase in the total number of filled positions so designated unless authorized by a resolution amending this budget or otherwise in accordance with section 507 of the home rule charter and chapter 111 of the city code. in adopting this resolution, it is the intention of council to provide funding for the annual budget at a level that will enable all departments, bureaus, and units of city government to be staffed, equipped, and maintained at the levels mandated herein. section 3. the maximum levels are established for the following positions: department of public safety bureau of police 2025 account 230000.51101 police chief 1 assistant chief of police 3 commander 14 police lieutenant 30 police sergeant 102 police officer 650 police