9. deed transfer tax deed transfer tax revenues are budgeted at $42.3 million in 2025, an estimated 28.4 percent decrease compared with the prior year. the tax is levied at a rate of 3 percent on real property transfers within the city of pittsburgh. the total tax paid, which is typically split between the buyer and seller of a property, is 5% as of 2020, as the state and school board each also levy 1% taxes of their own. the deed transfer tax forecast uses a multivariate regression with collections as the dependent variable and three independent variables. the first independent variable is the residential tax base, which consists of existing single- family home sales multiplied by the average price of an existing single-family home. the other independent variables are the tax rate and a dummy variable for years in which the sale of a non-residential property exceeded $100 million. total deed transfer tax revenues are forecast to increase by 0.8 percent on average each year over the next five years. regional asset district tax relief regional asset district tax relief is budgeted at $27.3 million in 2025, an estimated 6.2 percent increase over the prior year. this relief, created by pennsylvania act 77 of 1993, provides the city of pittsburgh with a percentage of 1/4 of the 1 percent additional sales tax in allegheny county. the city of pittsburgh’s percentage is determined by a formula that compares the city’s tax revenues and the market value of property per capita with that of all municipalities in allegheny county. retail sales (a proxy for sales tax collections) are forecast to grow by 2.4 percent on average over the same period. act 77 tax relief is forecast to increase by 2.5 percent each year through 2029. amusement tax total amusement tax revenues are budgeted at $19.5 million in 2025, an estimated 3.1 percent increase over the prior year. the amusement tax is levied at a rate of 5 percent on the gross admission to events that provide entertainment within the city of pittsburgh, excluding non-profit performing arts organizations. amusement tax collections are primarily motivated by sporting events within the city. revenues from the three professional sports teams have historically comprised 70 percent of amusement tax revenues on average per year. revenues from opposing teams and non-resident performers comprise the remainder of the amusement tax revenues. a sports teams and clubs economic indicator is used to forecast 70 percent of amusement tax