cilities, and finances. while each of the bureaus remain independent, the department has streamlined uniform policies, reporting structures, and financial management. community outreach - the office of community outreach serves as a liaison between the city of pittsburgh’s residents and community groups and the department of public safety. the community outreach staff is responsible for coordinating and maintaining numerous public safety community relations initiatives. in an effort to keep residents safe and improve their quality of life, the outreach staff educates and provides the public with general safety, crime prevention, and various life enhancing resources. these initiatives are conducted through meetings, workshops, and community sponsored events. the department of public safety community outreach efforts can be classified into four categories - safer together pittsburgh, youth policy, victim assistance, and the ranger program. • through its growing partnerships with residents, local businesses, and community organizations, safer together pittsburgh strives to build and maintain strong communicative relationships between the city of pittsburgh’s public safety bureaus and city of pittsburgh residents. the public safety zone councils continue to be an instrumental tool in the success of the safer together pittsburgh outreach initiatives. this relationship affords the department of public safety the opportunity to closely assess the safety needs and concerns of residents. in addition, this relationship allows the department to better utilize its resources to meet the needs and service expectations of underserved communities and populations. • youth policy programs are designed to identify the safety needs of children and youth. programming is structured to nurture healthy relationships between the city of pittsburgh youth and public safety personnel. in conjunction with the services of the public safety bureaus, a combination of city, county, and state resources are utilized to ensure that the safety requirements of this vulnerable population are fulfilled. • victim assistance provides information and support to city residents and families that are victims of crime and natural or man-made disasters. a victim assistance coordinator is responsible for ensuring that victims of crimes investigated by the pittsburgh bureau of police, or national or man-made disaster are afforded the opportunity to receive services and support for long-term safety needs a