p increase revenue as well as lower operational costs citywide. real estate division - this unit manages all real estate activity including property tax, city property sales, treasurer's sales as well as abatement and delinquencies. the real estate division is the designated collector for the pittsburgh school district and carnegie library and ensures that the property tax and any delinquencies on accounts are collected for the current year. the real estate division manages the entire real estate inventory online for the public to search and apply for properties that are for sale. the division works with property buyers, delinquency collectors, the school district, county assessor’s office, the urban redevelopment authority, and the law department to return property to the tax rolls and expedite the sales processes. 103 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of finance fiscal year 2025 107000 tax compliance division - this division houses all compliance and enforcement activities and is the front facing counter that manages tax compliance letters and new business registrations. the tax compliance team is responsible for discovering new businesses, collecting business taxes and fees, performing audits and investigations, and issuing citations to ensure that all money owed is collected and that taxpayers comply with the city ordinance. cash management division - this unit ensures all collections are processed timely and accurately. this area includes cashiering, imaging, data entry, investment, insurance and bonds, ach grants, and all activities related to the city controller’s daily revenue posting. the division expedites the deposit and/or transfer of revenues to manage the distribution of funds citywide. 2024 accomplishments • launched online application for property sales • replacing current dog license system with new database with online payment capabilities • expanding ipayment cashiering system to police records • completed tech refresh for entire finance department including: ◦ printer optimization ◦ new scanner installation ◦ laptop replacements for desktops • expanding ncr credit card processing to the office of film & event management, farmers’ market vendors, rollkall, and 412 onestoppgh counter • centralized all finance customer service areas to the 1st floor, city-county building • coordinated new lease for beechview hal retail space • completed data & software inventories • upgraded security door access to improve staff safety • creat