which services have been rendered or supplies, materials or equipment actually delivered on or prior to december 31, 2024 and so reported to the city controller shall be charged to the proper 2024 appropriation accounts against which encumbrances have been originally charged. said encumbrances shall either be paid or cleared by the city controller per the city’s encumbrance policy. section 4. no liability shall be incurred against any appropriation line item in excess of the budgeted amount, with the exception of payroll and benefits as required by collective bargaining agreements and applicable laws. section 5. no obligation shall be incurred by any department, office, or bureau of the city government other than for salaries or wages, except through the issue of an invoice, stating the service to be rendered, work performed, or supplies, materials or equipment to be furnished together with the estimated cost of the same. the director of the office of management and budget is hereby authorized to provide upon requisition by the head of any department all necessary supplies, materials, equipment and machinery for such department; provided, however, that no requisition of any department shall be filled by the director of the office of management and budget in excess of the appropriation budgeted to the department. section 6. council may, by resolution, restrict expenditures from the appropriations made herein, both as to amounts of expenditures, reasons for expenditures and the periods within which expenditures may be made. section 7. pursuant to article v, section 507 of the home rule charter, council may amend by resolution the operating budget within five weeks of the beginning of the 2025 fiscal year, but not thereafter except with the approval of the mayor. council at all times may transfer funds from one account to another if the total budget amount is not exceeded. this operating budget shall, in any event, remain balanced at all times. section 8. pursuant to title two, article i, chapter 219, section 219.02 “five-year plan,” this appropriation budget also includes a five-year plan which consists of the budgetary years 2025-2029 and a projection for revenues, expenditures, operating results, and fund balances. section 9. for purposes of administration and account control, the account numbers indicated herein shall be considered as part of the appropriation titles. section 10. the appropriations related to grants, trust funds, and special revenue funds