e public is adequately prepared to respond to police encounters in a manner conducive to the safety of the citizen and the officer, and (2) conveys information on filing complaints when such encounters are perceived as offensive. the outreach to police officers is designed to encourage participation in investigations, explain the process, and integrate their concerns into the community education effort. board and staff development - training for members encompasses topics mandated by city ordinance, including police training, police policies and procedures, criminal, civil and constitutional law as well as human rights and contemporary practices of civilian review of law enforcement policies and police behavior. staff training is designed to enhance investigative skills, utilize technology for research and case management, and develops mediation and conciliation skills as well as crisis management and safety skills. staff adheres to the standards and performance objectives expected of certified police oversight professionals. administrative - the executive director is responsible for administering the policies and procedures of the board and those of the city which affect the daily operation of the independent citizen police review board. activities 243 city of pittsburgh operating budget citizen police review board fiscal year 2025 999900 of this core service include the planning, organization, development, evaluation, and implementation of efficient and effective management strategies of fiscal, personnel, information systems, and related support to maximize the utility of the resources available. the assistant executive director facilitates daily administrative communication and serves as liaison to the administrative departments of the city. 2024 accomplishments • received 186 complaints, including seven executive director inquiries, seven general service calls, and administrative closure of 13 out-of-jurisdiction, and one exceeding filing time. • ordered 37 complaints to full investigation, extended 10 investigations, dismissed 13 cases as unfounded, dismissed 14 cases as unsustainable, authorized alternative resolutions of 16 cases, and suspended eight cases. • created and staffed a new community liaison position. the community liaison and cprb staff attended four community activist meetings, 30 public safety council meetings, four general community meetings and 20 special events throughout the city, including national night out. • participated in th