mayor reviews the proposals to ensure that requests align with citywide goals and strategic plans/initiatives and decides which, if any, should be funded. the mayor releases a preliminary budget at the end of september. omb hosts additional public meetings to garner feedback. if fiscal conditions allow for changes, revisions are made. when the proposals and the mayor’s strategic initiatives are aligned, the mayor formally submits both budgets to city council in november. city council reviews the budget and holds a number of meetings and televised hearings with each division. after consideration of public input and member priorities, city council makes changes to the budget and then holds a vote to adopt the budget. this must occur before december 31st. failure to enact a budget prior to january 1st of the new year means that the city cannot pay any vendors, cannot undertake any projects, and cannot (subject to collective bargaining agreements) pay any employees. the last time a budget was not approved before december 31st was 1931. upon adoption, omb is responsible for implementing and overseeing the city of pittsburgh’s operating and capital budgets. throughout the fiscal year, omb monitors the city’s expenditures and revenues, provides legislative oversight on any matters related to the budget, and oversees budget transfers and adjustments. analysts in omb prepare quarterly reports on the performance of major revenue sources and expenditure categories, reports on key factors driving the budget, reports on cash flow, and brief updates on important management initiatives. 25 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget guide five-year financial forecast in addition to developing the budget, omb and the department of finance are responsible for estimating both expenditures and revenues for the four years following the next fiscal year. together, these estimates comprise the five-year financial forecast reported in the budget document. the five-year forecast allows city officials to evaluate the fiscal health of the city for a longer period of time. this aids in identifying any future trends related to revenues and/or expenditures that may have an immediate or long- term impact on city operations. in addition, the five-year plan is used by city decision makers when planning for long-term strategies, formulating departmental and citywide

initiatives, and developing new policies that might result in a financial impact. the financial forecast i