tives, and developing new policies that might result in a financial impact. the financial forecast is an essential tool in maintaining financial discipline, thus ensuring the delivery of essential services to residents of the city of pittsburgh. revenue forecast revenues represent the available resources afforded to the city to carry out basic administrative operations and deliver services to city residents. the ability of the city of pittsburgh to generate revenue is governed by the rights afforded to the city under its home rule charter and by the laws of the commonwealth of pennsylvania. projected future year expenditures are directly influenced by future year revenues projections. the department of finance utilizes a variety of techniques and information sources to develop revenue forecasts. previous years’ financial data is used to forecast growth for major tax and non-tax revenues. monthly and end-of- year financial data related to all revenues are archived and updated in the city’s enterprise resource planning (erp) system. this information is then analyzed through statistical methods to ascertain growth in each revenue line. where applicable, the city then applies a growth rate to each revenue line. in addition to the previous years’ financial data, the city consults with s&p global to forecast regional economic variables. these economic variables help to inform how various aspects of the economy can affect revenue generating activity in the city. the city also incorporates data from federal government agencies such as the bureau of economic analysis and the bureau of labor statistics and organizations such as fannie mae, the national association of realtors, and realstats. revenue projections are finalized after a series of meetings with various stakeholders related to the city of pittsburgh’s operating budget. the city controller verifies that budgetary assumptions and estimates are developed in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and that revenue assumptions are reasonable. following consensus by all stakeholders in the budget development process, the revenue projections are finalized and incorporated into the five-year financial forecast. expenditure forecast omb is responsible for developing the expenditure projections for the five-year forecast. to develop these forecasts omb first enters all known future year expenditures into its budget management software. these known expenditures are those that are either contractual (pr