r condition inspection of structures in the public right of way to ensure the safety of the traveling public. • streets division - the streets division manages city streets, sidewalks, and trails that comprise the city’s transportation network. streets division engineers manage preliminary and final engineering for complex public infrastructure projects and construction services provided by city contractors. the division supports the permit division through review of restoration or alteration of the public right of way carried out by private developments. project managers develop and maintain standards and specifications for construction in the public right of way. • paving division - the paving division oversees city resurfacing projects on public streets, trail facilities and other public paved surfaces and the improvement of sidewalk ramps affected by this work. the division is responsible for resurfacing dozens of miles of streets every year in the city. • construction division - the construction division of the department of mobility and infrastructure addresses immediate needs for typically smaller scale improvements of infrastructure in the public rights of way. the division oversees work to repair, replace or rehabilitate curbs, sidewalks, curb ramps, steps, walls, slopes and other similar projects. division managers respond to emergency events that disrupt the safe operation of the mobility system such as landslides, sink holes, and bridge strikes. • bridge maintenance division - the bridge maintenance division performs routine maintenance and small repairs using in-house staff for the city’s inventory of 145 bridges. the division also oversees and inspects bridge repair work performed by city contractors. 235 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of mobility & infrastructure fiscal year 2025 600000 the three bureaus of the department of mobility and infrastructure are collectively responsible for: • 1,060 linear miles of streets (890 asphalt, 90 concrete, 80 brick/block stone) • 2,423 lane miles of streets (2,034 asphalt, 206 concrete, 183 brick/block stone) • tens of thousands of crosswalks and pavement markings • 144 bridges (96 vehicle, 48 pedestrian) • 833 retaining walls • 1216 sets of steps (464 structural, 753 on-grade) • 44,000 street lighting fixtures • 660 signalized intersections • 850,000 street signs • 33 miles of guide rail 2024 accomplishments • domi’s planning, policy, and permitting bureau, led by the department’s assist