hich fall within the office of the mayor in the city’s managerial hierarchy but whose sources of financing exist outside of the city’s general fund. for this reason, these authorities are not included in the operating budget. a comprehensive visualization of the government of the city of pittsburgh is included in the organization chart presented in this document. 18 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget guide what is the operating budget? the operating budget functions as the financial plan for the current fiscal year. reported within this document are figures related to planned expenditures and projected revenues for the upcoming fiscal year. expenditures are spread across all city departments, bureaus, and elected offices. these expenditures represent costs for the administration and distribution of governmental services. these services include, but are not limited to: public safety, refuse collection, snow removal, street paving, the issuance of permits and licenses, and maintenance and programming for local parks and community recreation centers. in addition, the general fund also supports the routine administration of local government that includes employee wages and health benefits, workers’ compensation benefits, utility and fuel usage, the funding of municipal pension plans, and debt service. the city collects revenues to finance the costs associated with delivering services to residents. revenues are collected by the city from the levy of taxes, collection of fees related to the issuance of permits and licenses, charges for services provided by city departments, fines and forfeitures, intergovernmental revenues, and other revenue generating mechanisms. the operating budget combines information relating to expenditures and revenues, creating a plan as to what governmental services can be executed by the city and subsequently delivered to the public within a given fiscal year. the detailed financial figures within this document illustrate both the cost incurred by the city of pittsburgh in delivering services to the public and the means through which these costs are financed. the operating budget also stands as a policy document outlining the strategic initiatives of both the mayor and members of city council. laws established by the commonwealth of pennsylvania restrict how much money the city of pittsburgh may raise through the levy of taxes and charges for permits and licenses. as a result, the city of pittsburgh must balanc