levy of taxes and charges for permits and licenses. as a result, the city of pittsburgh must balance the demands for services against the available resources that it can legally acquire through tax and non-tax revenue generating mechanisms. given the reality of scarce resources, the city must prioritize initiatives and fund only those determined to be most essential and beneficial to the overall health of the city. the level of funding allocated to individual departments and programs within the city clearly exhibits priorities set by the city’s elected public officials. finally, the operating budget can be viewed as a legally binding document. all of the costs incurred by the city of pittsburgh in providing day-to-day public services must be paid for out of the operating budget. therefore, the city of pittsburgh must act within the confines of the financial details outlined within this document. the operating budget can only be altered through a series of formal processes, which parallel those enacted in the initial creation of the plan. basis of accounting the general fund budget is adopted on a cash basis of accounting, meaning that the city of pittsburgh recognizes revenues when they are received and expenditures when they are paid. the fiscal year the city of pittsburgh’s fiscal year begins on the first day of january and ends on the last day of december of each year. this can only be changed by ordinance. balanced budget mandate the city’s home rule charter requires that the annual operating budget be balanced, with estimated revenues equal to or greater than estimated expenditures. should revenues exceed expenditures at the end of a fiscal year, the budget surplus is transferred into the city’s reserve fund balance. 19 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget guide the city’s fund structure in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the city’s financial reporting system is organized on a fund basis consisting of two major types of funds: governmental and fiduciary. governmental funds general fund capital projects fund community development funds special revenues funds fiduciary funds pension trust fund agency funds the general fund is the main operating fund for the city. it includes most tax revenues and is used to sustain most of the city’s day-to-day activities, including public safety, public works, parks, planning, and general administration. the capital projects fund is used to fund construction and/or main