t ◦ firearms tracking ◦ graffiti ▪ group violence intervention operations branch - operations is responsible for providing law enforcement services to the citizens and visitors of the city of pittsburgh. operational personnel are deployed throughout the city in six geographic zones and the special deployment division (sdd). the zones are the direct patrol and enforcement throughout the city’s neighborhoods. sdd is responsible for specially trained units that support the city’s safety and security needs. the operations branch consists of the following divisions: • police zones 1-6 • special deployment division ◦ special weapons and tactics (swat) ◦ river rescue ◦ collision investigations ◦ impaired driver section ◦ explosive ordinance detachment (eod) ◦ k-9 operations ◦ tow operations ▪ commercial vehicle ▪ mounted unit ▪ planning/special events : 173 city of pittsburgh operating budget bureau of police fiscal year 2025 230000 2024 accomplishments • the bureau applied for and was awarded a grant for $315,000 to improve recruiting capabilities. thus far this grant has supported the purchase of a recruiting vehicle, technical support for recruitment, and marketing materials. • the bureau has three basic recruit classes currently in training, all graduating at various times throughout 2025. • the bureau launched the “pittsburgh police cares” initiative in partnership with the hear foundation to create a grassroots approach to community/police partnerships. • with collaborative engagement from the community, advances in technology, support from state, federal, and local partners, and the implementation of targeted policing strategies, the bureau has achieved a notable reduction in violent crime within the city. homicides have experienced a

commendable decreased of 22%, while non-fatal shootings have seen a significant decline of 32% compared to 2023. • the downtown public safety center (dpsc) opened on february 21, 2024 with the objective to improve overall quality of life in the central business district. through extensive investigations, a multitude of arrests were made, accompanied by the seizure of illicit narcotics and firearms. twenty officers are assigned to dpsc and engage in a focused effort with business owners to improve quality of life issues from homelessness, to drug abuse, to juvenile disorder. 174 city of pittsburgh operating budget bureau of police fiscal year 2025 230000 position summary 2024 rate/ hours/ 2024 2025 rate/ hours/ 2025 title fte