ell being, while championing organizational excellence and public service. departmental/bureau overview the department of human resources and civil service is divided into the following general service areas: employment and staffing - this function includes recruitment and talent acquisition, job analysis, validation and examination, career enrichment and retention, records maintenance and processing, community outreach, employee recognition and awards, and diversity and equal employment efforts in all areas. policies and procedures - policy development and improvement addresses two areas: 1) incorporating best- practice personnel models into the city’s policies and work culture; and 2) assessing the impact of city council actions and management decisions on employees. training and development - education, training, and development services increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the existing city workforce, orients new employees, and provides necessary development for career elevation in regard to retention and opportunity availability. diversity and inclusion - this division is committed to creating greater awareness of the city as an equal opportunity employer and providing a more inclusive working environment for city employees. it also strengthens partnerships among diverse communities to ensure that the city is intentional with its recruitment efforts and is properly engaging in the best inclusive practices. benefits administration and absence management - the benefits office addresses the administration of all employee benefit plans, including legal compliance and monitoring vendor contracts for quality, cost, and service. wellness - cityfit wellness is an all-encompassing set of programs which aim to enhance employees' wellness and engagement around family health. cityfit provides weight loss programs, stress management, nutrition and fitness counseling, and other programs. cityfit emphasizes sustainable solutions based on rewards and results and uses web-based mobile technology with senior management endorsement. employee safety and injury prevention - the safety office works to accomplish the following city objectives: 1) ensure the overall safety of city employees; 2) prevent job related injuries, illnesses, and property damage; 3) implement safety standards to prevent hazardous conditions and injuries; 4) train all employees in the safe and proper performance of their duties; 5) gain the active support and participation of all city employe