, emergency management services, and domestic preparedness. the pittsburgh bureau of fire encourages all personnel to take a proactive role in reducing the impact from emergencies by providing programs related to fire prevention, public education, community relations, risk reduction, disaster planning, homeland security, and operational training. all services provided to the residents and visitors of the city of pittsburgh, the county of allegheny, and the commonwealth of pennsylvania will be delivered in the most professional manner, to the best of our ability. departmental/bureau overview the roles and responsibilities of the pittsburgh bureau of fire as related to public safety include emergency medical care, fire investigation, code enforcement, training, logistics, and suppression. suppression and emergency medical services are the largest functional area in terms of responsibility and resources. the suppression function is the activity of containing and extinguishing a fire. the goals of the suppression division are to protect lives, property and the environment. the pbf expanded its emergency medical service capabilities by becoming a licensed emergency medical care provider issued by the pennsylvania department of health. the bureau provides these services through the following four divisions: administration - provides managerial and administrative services for the bureau. this activity includes budget and finance; payroll; employee relations, strategic planning; record and data gathering, facility and fleet management. operations - provides emergency incident response to protect the lives and property of city residents and visitors. in addition to extinguishing fires, controlling hazardous material emergency incidents, flood response, and emergency management, the personnel in this service area are responsible for providing emergency medical care to sick and injured individuals. the fire bureau responds to approximately 20,000 emergency medical calls each year. planning and training - provides training, communications, and logistics for the bureau of fire. the training academy implements employee development programs for fire suppression personnel. the programs consist of fire suppression, apparatus driving operations, emergency medical responder, hazardous material, technical rescue, vehicle rescue, and disaster response topics. the pbf expanded its role in disaster preparedness and response, which includes increased capabilities to provide swift