o its budget management software. these known expenditures are those that are either contractual (professional service contracts, debt service payments, pension contributions, etc.) or generally predictable (staffing levels in each department, citywide salary increases, etc.). omb then develops forecasts which consider past year expenditure data and future growth, strategies, and initiatives. while most costs remain relatively static some expenditures lines, such as healthcare and fuel, are subject to growth in future years. these increases are largely a product of costs rising in the private market. this is accounted for in the financial forecast by applying a percentage growth each year based on trend, lastly, the directors of each city division present any requests that are not captured by the methods described above. these requests are often related to software, equipment, or personnel and are regarded to be essential in achieving the goals or augmenting the services of each individual department. omb compiles all such requests and evaluates how they relate to the mayor’s strategic initiatives. subject to available funds, those requests that fall in line with the citywide initiatives are funded in each respective division’s budget in the five-year forecast. 26 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget guide how to read the budget throughout this budget document, financial data is illustrated in a variety of ways. in general, each separate section of the document reports the same financial data. the level of detail is the only substantial difference between each report within a section. departmental sections the most detailed and specific illustration of the general fund operating budget financial data can be found in the departmental sections of the document. this section details funds by subclass and account that have been appropriated to each individual division. the following are the different components that in aggregate make up the departmental sections of the operating budget. 27 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 budget guide organization chart the organization chart is a visual depiction of the functional areas within each city department, agency, bureau, or elected office that are responsible for the execution of services and programs. the chart is very general; with the exception of directors or other managers, the chart does not identify individual positions. departmental overview at the beginning of each