s, the chart does not identify individual positions. departmental overview at the beginning of each departmental section, readers will find a mission statement which defines the organization. the mission statement is followed by an overview that provides a detailed description of the department. this section of the narrative describes different functional areas within each department, agency, bureau, or elected office and their associated services or programs. current year accomplishments are listed. position summary the position summary lists all of the budgeted jobs within the organization. the full-time equivalent, or “fte,” represents the number of full-time workers in the position. the “rate/grade” category indicates how an employee’s pay level is calculated. grade and step plans for non-union employees and afscme 2719 employees can be found as an appendix to this document. for full time positions, a “12” in the “hours/months” column indicates that the position is budgeted for all 12 months in the year. smaller numbers indicate a position starting or ending mid-year. for part time positions, the number in this column represents budgeted hours of work. the “budget” column highlights the total amount, in dollars, that is allocated to pay all personnel in that position. the “vacancy allowance” adjusts the subclass expenditures to account for savings associated with vacant positions throughout the year. a summary from 2024 is also included to facilitate comparisons. subclass detail this portion of the departmental budget includes 2023 actual expenditures and budget numbers at the subclass and object account level. for example, the general “professional and technical services” subclass will highlight the appropriation amounts for specific accounts, such as “administrative fees,” “workforce training,” and “computer maintenance.” readers can easily compare budgeted expenditures from 2024 with budgeted expenditures for 2025. the final columns shows the difference and percent difference between the 2024 and 2025 budgeted amounts. under the personnel – salaries & wages subclass, there are several important details. regular salary represents the total base pay for the organization. longevity pay is awarded to employees in certain collective bargaining agreements based on seniority and tenure. salary allowances are used to pay for part-time, temporary, or seasonal workers, as well as student interns. when uniform allowances are paid directly to employees, their c