- the design division develops design standards and guidelines for transportation facilities including travel way dimensions, assemblage, operation, markings, signage, and other components. the division is central in the determining design of facilities for vehicles, bicycles and 234 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of mobility & infrastructure fiscal year 2025 600000 pedestrians. it provides programmatic guidance for complete street, safe routes to school and traffic calming improvements. • signal design division – the signal division is responsible for designing the programming and operational plans for more than 600 signalized intersections throughout the city and designing plans for other devices such as school zone signs, rapid flash beacons, variable signs, and other elements. the design division assists the planning bureau in reviewing land development projects and specifically evaluating transportation impacts and necessary mitigations. • signs and markings division - the signs and markings division fabricates, installs, repairs and/or replaces pavement markings, and signage. it is responsible for striping more than 2,000 miles of long markings, 10,000 marked crosswalks, and 850 traffic control and curbside regulatory signs. the signs and markings division is typically responsible for the implementation of designs generated by the design division. • traffic control division - the traffic control division performs necessary and routine maintenance on more than 10,000 traffic signal heads and other electronic traffic control devices across the city to keep them in operation. project design and delivery - the project design and delivery bureau is led by the chief engineer. the bureau is responsible for all of the major capital improvement projects for transportation or mobility infrastructure. this includes not only street and bridge work, but also providing engineering services to address major slope failure and flood control needs in the city. the bureau is comprised of five divisions: • bridges and structures division - the bridges and structures division manages structural assets in the right-of-way including bridges, steps, and retaining walls. this work includes repair design, capital planning, and implementation of capital rehabilitation and replacement projects from design through construction. the division performs or contracts for condition inspection of structures in the public right of way to ensure the safety of the travelin