ce policies, practices, and procedures to ensure all are guided by the principles of justice, respect, and equity. a board comprised of seven members appointed by the mayor and city council presides over the work of the staff and determines all final dispositions of cases. the board conducts public hearings and renders findings and recommendations to the chief of police and mayor as related to the matter or complaint under review. departmental/bureau overview investigation and complaint disposition - citizens must file a notice of intent to file a citizen complaint with the cprb within six months of the incident from which the complaint arises. upon contact from a citizen, the intake coordinator evaluates the complaint for administrative compliance and initiates the internal case management of the complaint. the intake coordinator informs the complainant of his/her rights and responsibilities related to the complaint. the executive director or the assistant executive director reviews each citizen complaint, develops a preliminary investigative plan and assigns the case to an investigator. the assistant executive director provides daily supervision and oversight of case investigations. investigators conduct preliminary inquiries into cases and the results are presented to the board. the board considers the evidence and determines whether to further an investigation into the allegations of misconduct or to dismiss the complaint. complaints may proceed through investigation to a public hearing at the board’s discretion. findings and recommendations resulting from public hearings are forwarded to the mayor and chief of police who must respond to the board. patterns emerging from complaints and allegations of misconduct may be presented to the board for consideration of policy recommendations to the chief of police and mayor. community education - the goal of community education and outreach is to improve relations between citizens and police by developing or enhancing common knowledge of police authority, practices and procedures, and civilian expectations of police conduct. outreach utilizes printed material, traditional and social media, and personal appearances of members and staff to ensure the public has an opportunity to be informed of the cprb’s role and common rights and responsibilities of citizenship. the effort directed to citizens (1) ensures that the public is adequately prepared to respond to police encounters in a manner conducive to the safety