ems, stigmatization, and lack of access to services. lead is currently operating in zones 1 and 2 and will be expanding to other zones. post overdose support team (post) the post overdose support team (post) responds to overdoses with teams of certified peer recovery specialists (cprss) and case managers to reach individuals at the time of interception with public safety personnel. the response aims to enable the post team to foster a connection that places the individual in a deescalated state following the overdose, allowing us to begin the work of providing

service connections that can lead to long-term recovery. many people who have overdosed refuse transport to the hospital by ems. this affords the post team its opportunity. trust-building that follows de-escalation is an integral initial step in order to facilitate the willingness of the individual to continue to engage post staff after ems has departed. to ensure that the provision of service connections and system navigation may continue. the responding team and follow-up case management staff identifies its primary goals to support safety, recovery, and to provide service connections that aim to treat substance use and/or co-occurring mental health disorders. reaching out on the streets (roots) the reaching out on the streets (roots) program aims to reduce the prevalence of homelessness by addressing the social determinants of health, opening opportunities for personal agency, and intervening in critical moments of crisis to reduce criminal legal interactions, increase access to services, and reduce fatal overdoses. roots will incorporate two components at full implementation: street outreach and drop-in sites. the staffing plan and organization align to support these programs. interdisciplinary zone teams will meet the needs of individuals within the hyper-local scope of available services. interdisciplinary zone teams include members from street outreach, sites, and diversion programs that coordinate participant care and are adaptable to complex needs; such as, human services, drug and alcohol treatment, housing, healthcare, behavioral health, and criminal legal navigation. community engagement and partnership continued community engagement, transparency, and accountability to the community and first responders is critical to building trust and facilitating change in the current response continuum. ochs will continue to sustain a collaborative model of program development and evaluation, priori