on-profits are exempt from this tax. real estate tax incentives for future years are estimated as an average percentage of tax liability based on data since the reassessment. total real estate tax revenues are forecast to decrease by 0.8 percent each year through 2029. earned income tax total earned income tax revenues are budgeted at $145.0 million in 2025, an estimated 6.5 percent increase over the prior year. the earned income tax is a 1.25 percent levy on the wages and net profits of residents of the city of pittsburgh. the earned income tax forecast projects tax year liabilities based on a varying growth rate, with a downward adjustment for the city of pittsburgh, and splits current and prior year liabilities based on historical collections. total earned income tax revenues are forecast to increase by 3.8 percent each year through 2029. payroll preparation tax total payroll preparation tax revenues are budgeted at $77.3 million in 2025, an estimated 1.2 percent increase over the prior year. the payroll preparation tax is levied at a rate of 0.55 percent on the gross payroll of employers and net income from self-employed individuals, members of partnerships, associations

and joint ventures who perform work or provide services within the city of pittsburgh. non-profits an exempt from this tax. the payroll preparation tax forecast uses total non-farm wages for allegheny county to forecast future revenues. total non- 39 city of pittsburgh operating budget fiscal year 2025 revenue farm wages for allegheny county are forecast to increase by 2.2 percent on average. total payroll preparation tax revenues are forecast to increase by 2.1 percent each year through 2029. parking tax total parking tax revenues are budgeted at $53.6 million in 2025, a 4.0 percent increase from the prior year. the parking tax is levied at a rate of 37.5 percent on fees charged for parking or storing cars within the city of pittsburgh. the parking tax forecast uses a multivariate regression with collections as the dependent variable and the tax rate and gross allegheny county product as independent variables. estimated gross allegheny county product is the total value of goods produced and services provided in the county, and serves as a broad economic indicator of activity in and around the city. total parking tax revenues are forecast to increase by 4.0 percent each year through 2029. deed transfer tax deed transfer tax revenues are budgeted at $42.3 million in 2025, an estimated