c title 7 business licenses. the code enforcement division duties are: • enforcing property maintenance and fire code regulations. • condemning unsafe buildings, property, and equipment. • enforcing business licensing codes. • enforcing development regulations. • remediating blight through city-funded demolition of condemned buildings. licensing and administration division the licensing and administration division: • regulates business and trade licenses per pcc title 7 business licenses. • performs pli administrative functions. 146 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of permits, licenses, & inspections fiscal year 2025 130000 the licensing and administration division duties are: • administering pli finances and accounting. • performing personnel functions. • managing pli’s records. • administering business and trade licenses. • in taking and issuing development applications (pli and dcp). • managing certification and training employees. systems operation division the systems operations division is a new proposed division focused on pli’s systems that are critical to daily functions. the systems operations division: • maintains, updates, and enhances pli’s development, license, enforcement, record management, finance, and accounting systems. • analyzes operational data and customer needs. the systems operations division duties are: • aligning technology and systems to meet the operational needs of the other pli divisions. • managing projects to update or enhance pli’s development, license, enforcement, record management, finance, and accounting systems. • streamlining processes to meet customer demands and maximize revenue. • analyzing operational data and customer needs to support pli leadership decision making. • publishing data to foster public transparency of pli operations. • collaborating and coordinating on a cross-agency basis to make holistic improvements to the onestoppgh system. 2024 accomplishments • launched new onestoppgh customer portal user interface • launched new building and development application that combines and replaces pli’s building permit and dcp’s zoning application • prepared the launch of in-person services at the onestoppgh counter at 412 blvd of the allies • prepared the launch of the residential housing rental permit program 147 city of pittsburgh operating budget department of permits, licenses, & inspections fiscal year 2025 130000 position summary 2024 rate/ hours/ 2024 2025 rate/ hours/ 2025 title fte grade m