the mayor, and city council the state of the city’s fiscal condition. every year, the city controller issues the annual comprehensive financial report, which provides detailed information on pittsburgh’s short-term and long-term financial outlook. city council proposes, deliberates, and votes on legislation governing and/or affecting the city. this body also approves appointments, regulates revenues and expenditures, and approves the final operating and capital budgets. city council is responsible for the introduction of legislation generated by the administrative branch of city government and may also introduce legislation from individual council members to the body as a whole. the office of the city clerk, is the centralized staff support to council, under the direction of the city clerk. the city clerk, with the help of the records management division, serves as a centralized document and information resource to council, all city departments, and the residents of the city of pittsburgh. the city council budget division monitors city finances and conducts independent analyses of city operations. it prepares and distributes to council, periodic reports on revenues, expenditures, and other trends relating to the fiscal condition of the city of pittsburgh. it supervises and reviews city council's annual operating and capital budgets and compiles special reports and executive summaries to assist members in their deliberations. the office of the mayor is the largest branch of the government of the city of pittsburgh and is directly responsible for much of the city’s daily operations. this work is performed by individual departments, offices, bureaus, and commissions. the services provided by these entities range from public safety and public works to debt management. many of these departments focus on specific services. for example, the department of law acts as a legal advisor to the mayor, city council, and other departments. two units act as umbrella organizations. the department of public safety bureau of administration oversees the bureaus of police, fire, emergency medical services, and animal care and control, as well as the office of community health and safety. similarly, the department of public works bureau of administration oversees the bureaus of operations, environmental services, and facilities. additionally, there are seven governmental units which fall within the office of the mayor in the city’s managerial hierarchy but whose sources of fin