m. ochs will continue to sustain a collaborative model of program development and evaluation, prioritizing continuous review to ensure that deficits are quickly addressed and used for growth. ochs will partner with existing community organizations and prioritize community members who have been harmed and may not engage in traditional meetings. initial efforts will focus on creation of multiple advisory collaboratives focused on black neighborhoods most harmed by the war on drugs and systemic racism. the office of community health and safety community engagement team seeks to build relationships and trust between the office and diverse communities in the city of pittsburgh while leveraging best practices in community outreach and community engagement. staff will accomplish their mission by developing programs and other initiatives in partnership with the community to enhance the quality of life, safety, and security of our community. note: the office of community health full time positions can be found in the stop the violence trust fund. 196 city of pittsburgh operating budget office of community health and safety fiscal year 2025 102300 2024 accomplishments • launched the law enforcement assisted diversion (lead) program in april, piloting the program in police zones 1 & 2. lead focuses on an intensive case management model and has had 1,037 total encounters with only three dedicated field staff. the program received a federal grant from the bureau of justice assistance in october 2024 and will use the funds to expand further. • community engagement distributed over 2,772 doses of narcan, equipping community members with the tools to respond effectively to opioid overdoses and save lives. it also distributed 1,230 gun safety locks thereby promoting responsible firearm storage and enhancing community safety. • established partnerships between reaching out on the streets (roots) and medical providers such the city of pittsburgh bureau of emergency medical services, upmc, and the allegheny health network to provide care to individuals experiencing homelessness. this has completely exceeded the initial goal and this coverage now includes a foot clinic, eye glass clinic, wound care clinic, and suboxone. • co-response expanded to police zone 5, covering half of the city of pittsburgh. during this time, it has had 1,452 encounters providing critical support to individuals experiencing crises. • launched the post overdose support team (post), which aims to reduce