budget bureau of emergency medical services fiscal year 2025 220000 mission the bureau of emergency medical services (ems) is dedicated to the reduction of morbidity and mortality of residents and visitors through the provision of advanced and basic life support pre-hospital care, medically directed rescue, and transportation of the ill and injured. departmental/bureau overview the bureau of ems provides advanced life support, pre-hospital care, and transportation for the sick and injured through the deployment of thirteen advanced life support ambulances, each staffed by pennsylvania department of health certified paramedics. in addition to the advanced life support units the bureau also staffs four basic life support ambulances staffed by pennsylvania department of health certified emergency medical technicians. strategically located throughout the city, the bureau will operate thirteen advanced life support (als) and three basic life support (bls) ambulances 24 hours per day when at full staffing capacity. with advanced training and technology, the bureau of ems is delivering cutting-edge care by providing new treatment modalities that allow for more

effective recognition and treatment of heart attacks, strokes, cardiac arrest, and a number of other life threatening conditions. for patients experiencing st elevation myocardial infarction (stemi), ems has the ability to screen and directly transmit an ekg to the receiving hospital and activate the cardiac cauterization laboratory prior to arrival, greatly reducing the time to definitive treatment. the bureau of ems also provides integrated medically-directed rescue for vehicle accidents, industrial accidents, high and low angle rope rescues, confined space emergencies, building collapse, elevator emergencies, and others. the base service is comprised of two specially equipped rescue trucks, each staffed by two paramedics, operating 24 hours a day. all pittsburgh paramedics are trained and certified for vehicle and basic rescue practices. those paramedics assigned to the rescue division receive additional rescue training and certifications. the bureau of ems is also an integral part of three joint public safety teams: river rescue, swat, and the hazardous materials (hazmat) team. for each team, ems provides an administrative and leadership role as well as a cadre of highly qualified personnel and instructors. for river rescue, ems provides two paramedic public safety scuba divers to staff the units. the