us on: continuum of support (cos) through continued collaboration with first responders and community members, analysis of calls for service, mapping of existing services, development of new partnerships, and evaluation of existing models, the office of community health & safety (ochs) will improve upon the existing continuum of resources and responses to address community unmet social service needs that are often encountered by public safety partners. first responder social support referrals, case conferencing and review, and service gap analysis will be utilized to enhance this continuum. co-response, people in need of support (pins), and the trauma survivor’s assistance program (tsap) constitute the continuum of support and additional information regarding each of those programs is directly below. co-response the co-response program has been developed to provide the “right responders” to individuals who are experiencing a mental health or behavioral crisis. teams consist of a community social worker and dedicated pittsburgh bureau of police officer who are dispatched to co-respond to individuals in crisis. through trust-building and the provision of services, co-response seeks to reduce the propensity for individuals who experience mental and behavioral health crises to engage in violent behavior and become involved in the criminal justice system. through the reduction in use of force, the program also aims to increase both the officer and community member’s safety. this will be supported by training co-response officers on crisis response intervention training (crit), a national best-practice model rolled out by the department of justice. people in need of support the pins program developed as a partnership between the three public safety bureaus and the office of community health & safety. first responders identify and refer city residents who frequently utilize 9-1-1 services to meet their basic needs, as well as individuals who may be vulnerable to harm and need follow up. community social workers and public safety liaisons conduct home visits to assess the health and social needs of these residents and develop a plan to link the residents to services and resources (including cit and fbi cases). high utilizers also known as "frequent flyers" who disproportionately utilize 9-1-1 services place strain upon the emergency response system. by connecting these individuals to long-term services and supports, we relieve pressure on the systems in place to a