n, featuring a yinzsplosion of rarely and never-before-seen objects that tell stories from pittsburgh’s past. wander through a whimsical world of wonders inside our dynamic new exhibition, featuring a yinzsplosion of rarely and never-before-seen objects that tell stories from pittsburgh’s past. uncover more uncover more uncover more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more haunted history center halloween events heinz history center haunted history center halloween events heinz history center events heinz history center step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! step inside the history center for a spooktacular day of tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more learn more learn more what's on: eve