ober 18 meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village – 10:00 am archaeology day dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! view all events preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research & explore more than a ketchup museum. the heinz history center is pittsburgh’s people museum. we share the inspiring stories of western pennsylvania’s people who have helped change the course of american history. see for yourself. explore exhibits kids & families build bridges in the interactive discovery place or explore the neighborhood of make–believe. unique pittsburgh gifts from exclusive heinz merch to the mister rogers kindness collection, find the perfect pittsburgh gift at the museum shop. smithsonian treasures discover smithsonian artifacts at the history center and learn more about the museum’s smithsonian affiliation. explore our collections thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. kids & families build bridges in the interactive discovery place or explore the neighborhood of make–believe. unique pittsburgh gifts from exclusive heinz merch to the mister rogers kindness collection, find the perfect pittsburgh gift at the museum shop. smithsonian treasures discover smithsonian artifacts at the history center and learn more about the museum’s smithsonian affiliation. explore our collections thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. get to know our family of museums heinz history center 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village closed today get to know our family of museums get to know our family of museums get to know our family of museums get to know our family of museums get to know our family of museums heinz history center 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village closed today heinz history center 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village closed today heinz history center 10 am - 5 pm western pennsylvania sports museum 10 am - 5 pm fort pitt museum 10 am - 5 pm meadowcroft rockshelter and historic