rt pitt museum – 1:00 pm speaker saturday: overshadowed by these occult influences join the fort pitt museum to learn about the hidden beliefs that lingered in the ohio valley. october 11 fort pitt museum – 1:00 pm speaker saturday: overshadowed by these occult influences join the fort pitt museum to learn about the hidden beliefs that lingered in the ohio valley. fort pitt museum – 1:00 pm fort pitt museum 1:00 pm speaker saturday: overshadowed by these occult influences speaker saturday: overshadowed by these occult influences speaker saturday: overshadowed by these occult influences join the fort pitt museum to learn about the hidden beliefs that lingered in the ohio valley. join the fort pitt museum to learn about the hidden beliefs that lingered in the ohio valley. october 16 heinz history center – 6:30 pm hidden history trivia night it’s a dark and stormy trivia night in pittsburgh…with a spooky twist! tickets required october 16 heinz history center – 6:30 pm hidden history trivia night it’s a dark and stormy trivia night in pittsburgh…with a spooky twist! tickets required october 16 heinz history center – 6:30 pm hidden history trivia night it’s a dark and stormy trivia night in pittsburgh…with a spooky twist! tickets required heinz history center – 6:30 pm heinz history center 6:30 pm hidden history trivia night hidden history trivia night hidden history trivia night it’s a dark and stormy trivia night in pittsburgh…with a spooky twist! it’s a dark and stormy trivia night in pittsburgh…with a spooky twist! tickets required tickets required october 18 meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village – 10:00 am archaeology day dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! october 18 meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village – 10:00 am archaeology day dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! october 18 meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village – 10:00 am archaeology day dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village – 10:00 am meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village 10:00 am archaeology day archaeology day archaeology day dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! view all events view all events view all events view all events view all events view all events view all events preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousa