& archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research & explore preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research & explore preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research & explore preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research & explore preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center preserving pittsburgh’s memories detre library & archives heinz history center detre library & archives heinz history center research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the detre library & archives at the history center. open wednesday through saturday and free to all visitors. research & explore research & explore research & explore more than a ketchup museum. the heinz history center is pittsburgh’s people museum. we share the inspiring stories of western pennsylvania’s people who have helped change the course of american history. see for yourself. explore exhibits kids & families build bridges in the interactive discovery place or explore the neighborhood of make–believe. unique pittsburgh gifts from exclusive heinz merch to the mister rogers kindness collection, find the perfect pittsburgh gift at the museum shop. smithsonian treasure