ogers kindness collection, find the perfect pittsburgh gift at the museum shop. smithsonian treasures discover smithsonian artifacts at the history center and learn more about the museum’s smithsonian affiliation. explore our collections thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. kids & families build bridges in the interactive discovery place or explore the neighborhood of make–believe. unique pittsburgh gifts from exclusive heinz merch to the mister rogers kindness collection, find the perfect pittsburgh gift at the museum shop. smithsonian treasures discover smithsonian artifacts at the history center and learn more about the museum’s smithsonian affiliation. explore our collections thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. more than a ketchup museum. the heinz history center is pittsburgh’s people museum. we share the inspiring stories of western pennsylvania’s people who have helped change the course of american history. see for yourself. explore exhibits kids & families build bridges in the interactive discovery place or explore the neighborhood of make–believe. unique pittsburgh gifts from exclusive heinz merch to the mister rogers kindness collection, find the perfect pittsburgh gift at the museum shop. smithsonian treasures discover smithsonian artifacts at the history center and learn more about the museum’s smithsonian affiliation. explore our collections thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. more than a ketchup museum. the heinz history center is pittsburgh’s people museum. we share the inspiring stories of western pennsylvania’s people who have helped change the course of american history. see for yourself. explore exhibits kids & families build bridges in the interactive discovery place or explore the neighborhood of make–believe. unique pittsburgh gifts from exclusive heinz merch to the mister rogers kindness collection, find the perfect pittsburgh gift at the museum shop. smithsonian treasures discover smithsonian artifacts at the history center and learn more about the museum’s smithsonian affiliation. explore our collections thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. more than a ketchup museum. the heinz history center is pittsburgh’s people museum. we share the inspiring stories of western pennsylvania’s people who have helped change the course of american history. see for yourself. explore exhibits kids & families build bridges in the interactive d