tricks, treats, and ghoulishly grand fun on oct. 26! learn more learn more learn more what's on: events search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! view all events october 2 heinz history center – 6:30 pm celebrating 35 years of the italian american program join us as we celebrate the 35th anniversary of the italian american program. tickets required october 11 fort pitt museum – 1:00 pm speaker saturday: overshadowed by these occult influences join the fort pitt museum to learn about the hidden beliefs that lingered in the ohio valley. october 16 heinz history center – 6:30 pm hidden history trivia night it’s a dark and stormy trivia night in pittsburgh…with a spooky twist! tickets required october 18 meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village – 10:00 am archaeology day dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! view all events what's on: events search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! view all events what's on: events search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! view all events what's on: events search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! view all events what's on: events search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! view all events what's on: events search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! what's on: events search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! view all events view all events view all events october 2 heinz history center – 6:30 pm celebrating 35 years of the italian american program join us as we celebrate the 35th anniversary of the italian american program. tickets required october 11 fort pitt museum – 1:00 pm speaker saturday: overshadowed by these occult influences join the fort pitt museum to learn about the hidden beliefs that lingered in the ohio valley. october 16 heinz history center – 6:30 pm hidden history trivia night it’s a dark and stormy trivia night in pittsburgh…with a spooky twist! tickets required october 18 meadowcroft rockshelter and historic village – 10:00 am archaeology day dig into the past at meadowcroft’s archaeology day! october 2 heinz history center – 6:30 pm celebrating 35 years of the italian american program join us as we celebrate the 35th anniversary of the italian american program. tickets required october 11 fort pitt museum – 1:00