rst team in nfl history to win six super bowl titles! steelers nation spreads far and wide, so grab your terrible towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the home of the world champion pittsburgh steelers. here we go! where to see them: acrisure stadiumcapacity: 68,400 (record is 70,622 for the 2022 backyard brawl between pitt and west virginia)opened: 2001also home to: university of pittsburgh panthers d1 football, rib festknown for: terrible towels waving, "renegade" being played in the fourth quarter, incredible skyline viewsfun fact: this stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 nhl winter classic and 2017 nhl stadium series.did you know? sports teams pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh is officially "sixburgh" as the steelers became the first team in nfl history to win six super bowl titles! steelers nation spreads far and wide, so grab your terrible towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the home of the world champion pittsburgh steelers. here we go! where to see them: acrisure stadiumcapacity: 68,400 (record is 70,622 for the 2022 backyard brawl between pitt and west virginia)opened: 2001also home to: university of pittsburgh panthers d1 football, rib festknown for: terrible towels waving, "renegade" being played in the fourth quarter, incredible skyline viewsfun fact: this stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 nhl winter classic and 2017 nhl stadium series.did you know? sports teams sports teams pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh is officially "sixburgh" as the steelers became the first team in nfl history to win six super bowl titles! steelers nation spreads far and wide, so grab your terrible towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the home of the world champion pittsburgh steelers. here we go! where to see them: acrisure stadiumcapacity: 68,400 (record is 70,622 for the 2022 backyard brawl between pitt and west virginia)opened: 2001also home to: university of pittsburgh panthers d1 football, rib festknown for: terrible towels waving, "renegade" being played in the fourth quarter, incredible skyline viewsfun fact: this stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 nhl winter classic and 2017 nhl stadium series.did you know? pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh is officially "sixburgh" as the steelers became the first team in nfl history to win six super bowl titles! steelers nation spreads far and wide, so grab your terrible towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the home of the world champio