orts event attendee sports event attendee power of sports economy power of sports economy weddings & reunions weddings & reunions media media partners partners discover your persona pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. if its action you want, this city has it covered with the best of football, baseball, hockey and more. grab your terrible towel and visit acrisure stadium to watch the six-time super bowl champion pittsburgh steelers. head to ppg paints arena and join in all the excitement when the penguins take the ice. the pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from pnc park, rated by travel & leisure as the "best baseball stadium in america!" sports teams pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh is officially "sixburgh" as the steelers became the first team in nfl history to win six super bowl titles! steelers nation spreads far and wide, so grab your terrible towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the home of the world champion pittsburgh steelers. here we go! where to see them: acrisure stadiumcapacity: 68,400 (record is 70,622 for the 2022 backyard brawl between pitt and west virginia)opened: 2001also home to: university of pittsburgh panthers d1 football, rib festknown for: terrible towels waving, "renegade" being played in the fourth quarter, incredible skyline viewsfun fact: this stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 nhl winter classic and 2017 nhl stadium series.did you know? pittsburgh pirates you can always count on the pittsburgh pirates for an exciting summer of baseball! raise the jolly roger at pnc park, hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country. let's go bucs! where to see them: pnc parkcapacity: 38,362opened: 2001also home to: all star craft beer, wine and cocktail festivalknown for: skyline views, fireworks nights, the pittsburgh pierogi race, fantastic local food and brewsfun facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the allegheny river, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing.did you know? pnc park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium. pittsburgh penguins the ice might be cold, but the pittsburgh penguins are hot! w