local food and brewsfun facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the allegheny river, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing.did you know? pnc park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium. pittsburgh pirates you can always count on the pittsburgh pirates for an exciting summer of baseball! raise the jolly roger at pnc park, hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country. let's go bucs! where to see them: pnc parkcapacity: 38,362opened: 2001also home to: all star craft beer, wine and cocktail festivalknown for: skyline views, fireworks nights, the pittsburgh pierogi race, fantastic local food and brewsfun facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the allegheny river, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing.did you know? pnc park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium. pittsburgh penguins the ice might be cold, but the pittsburgh penguins are hot! when the five-time stanley cup champions take the ice at ppg paints arena it's "a great day for

hockey." tickets sell out fast, so don't be left out of the action! let's go pens! where to see them: ppg paints arenacapacity: 18,387opened: 2010also home to: ncaa ice hockey and basketball tournamentsknown for: the antics of iceburgh (the penguins' mascot), rc cola, fantastic concerts, wwe live events, monster jam and other family eventsfun fact: the penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three stanley cups.did you know? ppg paints arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year. look for announcements on social media. pittsburgh penguins the ice might be cold, but the pittsburgh penguins are hot! when the five-time stanley cup champions take the ice at ppg paints arena it's "a great day for hockey." tickets sell out fast, so don't be left out of the action! let's go pens! where to see them: ppg paints arenacapacity: 18,387opened: 2010also home to: ncaa ice hockey and basketball tournamentsknown for: the antics of iceburgh (the penguins' mascot), rc cola, fantastic concerts, wwe live events, monster jam and other family eventsfun fact: the penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three stanley cups.did you know