sted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three stanley cups.did you know? ppg paints arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year. look for announcements on social media. pittsburgh penguins the ice might be cold, but the pittsburgh penguins are hot! when the five-time stanley cup champions take the ice at ppg paints arena it's "a great day for hockey." tickets sell out fast, so don't be left out of the action! let's go pens! where to see them: ppg paints arenacapacity: 18,387opened: 2010also home to: ncaa ice hockey and basketball tournamentsknown for: the antics of iceburgh (the penguins' mascot), rc cola, fantastic concerts, wwe live events, monster jam and other family eventsfun fact: the penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three stanley cups.did you know? ppg paints arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year. look for announcements on social media. pittsburgh penguins the ice might be cold, but the pittsburgh penguins are hot! when the five-time stanley cup champions take the ice at ppg paints arena it's "a great day for hockey." tickets sell out fast, so don't be left out of the action! let's go pens! where to see them: ppg paints arenacapacity: 18,387opened: 2010also home to: ncaa ice hockey and basketball tournamentsknown for: the antics of iceburgh (the penguins' mascot), rc cola, fantastic concerts, wwe live events, monster jam and other family eventsfun fact: the penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three stanley cups.did you know? ppg paints arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year. look for announcements on social media. credit |dave dicello credit |dave dicello credit |dave dicello credit |dave dicello credit |dave dicello credit |dave dicello credit | dave dicello pittsburgh riverhounds pittsburgh is becoming a part on america’s growing soccer landscape with the riverhounds! take in a great city skyline at highmark stadium at station square and help turn pittsburgh into a #houndtahn! where to see them: highmark stadiumcapacity: 5,000opened: 2012also home to: blues & heritage festival, wpial soccer championshipsknown for: trains rumbling by during games, steel army supporters sectionfun fact: a riverhound isn't a type of dog! it's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river.did