estern pennsylvania. engine house no.25 this historic firehouse now holds some of the most fascinating memorabilia of roberto clemente. schedule a tour to see the paintings, photographs, letters and more and learn about the personal and professional journey of this beloved pirates player. pittsburgh vintage grand prix ladies and gentleman, start your engines! don't miss this 10-day festival of motorsport events culminating with the annual vintage races and car show at schenley park on the third weekend of july. free to spectators. collegiate sports pittsburgh is a world-class sports town and home to many ncaa division 1 universities, some right in the heart of the city, including the university of pittsburgh, duquesne university and robert morris university. each school has a variety of sports teams, including football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis…the list goes on! heinz history center-western pennsylvania sports museum the western pennsylvania sports museum, a state-of-the-art museum at the senator john heinz history center, features a stunning collection of one-of-a-kind sports artifacts and interactive exhibits that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in our region. when it comes to sports pride and sports history, no other region in the world is like western pennsylvania. engine house no.25 this historic firehouse now holds some of the most fascinating memorabilia of roberto clemente. schedule a tour to see the paintings, photographs, letters and more and learn about the personal and professional journey of this beloved pirates player. pittsburgh vintage grand prix ladies and gentleman, start your engines! don't miss this 10-day festival of motorsport events culminating with the annual vintage races and car show at schenley park on the third weekend of july. free to spectators. collegiate sports pittsburgh is a world-class sports town and home to many ncaa division 1 universities, some right in the heart of the city, including the university of pittsburgh, duquesne university and robert morris university. each school has a variety of sports teams, including football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis…the list goes on! in this section pittsburgh steelers learn more pittsburgh pirates learn more pittsburgh penguins learn more pittsburgh riverhounds learn more college sports learn more other sports teams learn more history of the terrible towel learn more in this section pittsburgh steelers learn more pittsburgh pirates learn more pittsburgh pe