erhound isn't a type of dog! it's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river.did you know? the on-field party box is one of the best luxury boxes in town, offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. pittsburgh riverhounds pittsburgh is becoming a part on america’s growing soccer landscape with the riverhounds! take in a great city skyline at highmark stadium at station square and help turn pittsburgh into a #houndtahn! where to see them: highmark stadiumcapacity: 5,000opened: 2012also home to: blues & heritage festival, wpial soccer championshipsknown for: trains rumbling by during games, steel army supporters sectionfun fact: a riverhound isn't a type of dog! it's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river.did you know? the on-field party box is one of the best luxury boxes in town, offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. pittsburgh riverhounds pittsburgh is becoming a part on america’s growing soccer landscape with the riverhounds! take in a great city skyline at highmark stadium at station square and help turn pittsburgh into a #houndtahn! where to see them: highmark stadiumcapacity: 5,000opened: 2012also home to: blues & heritage festival, wpial soccer championshipsknown for: trains rumbling by during games, steel army supporters sectionfun fact: a riverhound isn't a type of dog! it's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river.did you know? the on-field party box is one of the best luxury boxes in town, offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. pittsburgh riverhounds pittsburgh is becoming a part on america’s growing soccer landscape with the riverhounds! take in a great city skyline at highmark stadium at station square and help turn pittsburgh into a #houndtahn! where to see them: highmark stadiumcapacity: 5,000opened: 2012also home to: blues & heritage festival, wpial soccer championshipsknown for: trains rumbling by during games, steel army supporters sectionfun fact: a riverhound isn't a type of dog! it's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river.did you know? the on-field party box is one of the best luxury boxes in town, offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. credit |chris cowger credit |chris cowger credit |chris cowger credit |chris cowger credit |chris cowger credit |chris cowger credit | chris cowger coming soon... starting in 2025, the riverhounds ownership group will