o grab your terrible towel and come celebrate where it all originates: the home of the world champion pittsburgh steelers. here we go! where to see them: acrisure stadiumcapacity: 68,400 (record is 70,622 for the 2022 backyard brawl between pitt and west virginia)opened: 2001also home to: university of pittsburgh panthers d1 football, rib festknown for: terrible towels waving, "renegade" being played in the fourth quarter, incredible skyline viewsfun fact: this stadium hosted two outdoor hockey games - the 2011 nhl winter classic and 2017 nhl stadium series.did you know? pittsburgh pirates you can always count on the pittsburgh pirates for an exciting summer of baseball! raise the jolly roger at pnc park, hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country. let's go bucs! where to see them: pnc parkcapacity: 38,362opened: 2001also home to: all star craft beer, wine and cocktail festivalknown for: skyline views, fireworks nights, the pittsburgh pierogi race, fantastic local food and brewsfun facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the allegheny river, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing.did you know? pnc park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium. pittsburgh pirates you can always count on the pittsburgh pirates for an exciting summer of baseball! raise the jolly roger at pnc park, hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country. let's go bucs! where to see them: pnc parkcapacity: 38,362opened: 2001also home to: all star craft beer, wine and cocktail festivalknown for: skyline views, fireworks nights, the pittsburgh pierogi race, fantastic local food and brewsfun facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the allegheny river, but only five have landed in the river without bouncing.did you know? pnc park offers stadium tours all season long that take you onto the field for an up-close look at this magnificent stadium. pittsburgh pirates you can always count on the pittsburgh pirates for an exciting summer of baseball! raise the jolly roger at pnc park, hailed as one of the best ballparks in the country. let's go bucs! where to see them: pnc parkcapacity: 38,362opened: 2001also home to: all star craft beer, wine and cocktail festivalknown for: skyline views, fireworks nights, the pittsburgh pierogi race, fantastic local food and brewsfun facts: 70 home run balls have exited the stadium and splashed into the alle