f why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. if its action you want, this city has it covered with the best of football, baseball, hockey and more. grab your terrible towel and visit acrisure stadium to watch the six-time super bowl champion pittsburgh steelers. head to ppg paints arena and join in all the excitement when the penguins take the ice. the pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from pnc park, rated by travel & leisure as the "best baseball stadium in america!" if its action you want, this city has it covered with the best of football, baseball, hockey and more. grab your terrible towel and visit acrisure stadium to watch the six-time super bowl champion pittsburgh steelers. head to ppg paints arena and join in all the excitement when the penguins take the ice. the pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from pnc park, rated by travel & leisure as the "best baseball stadium in america!" if its action you want, this city has it covered with the best of football, baseball, hockey and more. grab your terrible towel and visit acrisure stadium to watch the six-time super bowl champion pittsburgh steelers. head to ppg paints arena and join in all the excitement when the penguins take the ice. the pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from pnc park, rated by travel & leisure as the "best baseball stadium in america!" if its action you want, this city has it covered with the best of football, baseball, hockey and more. grab your terrible towel and visit acrisure stadium to watch the six-time super bowl champion pittsburgh steelers. head to ppg paints arena and join in all the excitement when the penguins take the ice. the pirates make a perfect summer night complete as you watch the game from pnc park, rated by travel & leisure as the "best baseball stadium in america!" sports teams pittsburgh steelers pittsburgh is officially "sixburgh" as the steelers became the first team in nfl history to win six super bowl titles! steelers nation spreads far and wide, so grab