s cowger credit | chris cowger coming soon... starting in 2025, the riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new usl w league team competing at the pre-professional level. look for names, logos and much more on this coming soon. coming soon... starting in 2025, the riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new usl w league team competing at the pre-professional level. look for names, logos and much more on this coming soon. coming soon... coming soon... starting in 2025, the riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new usl w league team competing at the pre-professional level. look for names, logos and much more on this coming soon. starting in 2025, the riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new usl w league team competing at the pre-professional level. look for names, logos and much more on this coming soon. other pittsburgh sports teams in addition to the steelers, penguins and pirates, this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women's football to ultimate frisbee, roller derby, armored combat and esports! other pittsburgh sports teams in addition to the steelers, penguins and pirates, this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women's football to ultimate frisbee, roller derby, armored combat and esports! other pittsburgh sports teams other pittsburgh sports teams in addition to the steelers, penguins and pirates, this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women's football to ultimate frisbee, roller derby, armored combat and esports! in addition to the steelers, penguins and pirates, this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women's football to ultimate frisbee, roller derby, armored combat and esports! other sports attractions other sports attractions other sports attractions other sports attractions heinz history center-western pennsylvania sports museum the western pennsylvania sports museum, a state-of-the-art museum at the senator john heinz history center, features a stunning collection of one-of-a-kind sports artifacts and interactive exhibits that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in our region. when it comes to sports pride and sports history, no other region in the world is like western pennsylvania. engine house no.25 this historic firehouse now holds some of the most fascinating memorabilia of roberto clemente. schedule a tour to see the paintings, photographs, letters and more and learn about the personal and professional journey of this belove