gh, pennsylvania 15219detailsopen in google maps map pittsburgh penguins 1001 fifth ave., ppg paints arena pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15219 (412) 642-7367 details website save pittsburgh pirates at pnc park115 federal st., pnc park at the north shore pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212detailsopen in google maps map pittsburgh pirates at pnc park 115 federal st., pnc park at the north shore pittsburgh, pennsylvania 15212 (412) 323-5000 details website museums from history, art, science, sports and more, pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. learn more pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. pittsburgh sports in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa today 10 best reader's choice poll named pittsburgh as one of the winners of the "best city for sports" travel award. in pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. come see for yourself why sporting news magazine awarded pittsburgh the coveted "best sports city" title and why the usa