gnificent stadium. pittsburgh penguins the ice might be cold, but the pittsburgh penguins are hot! when the five-time stanley cup champions take the ice at ppg paints arena it's "a great day for hockey." tickets sell out fast, so don't be left out of the action! let's go pens! where to see them: ppg paints arenacapacity: 18,387opened: 2010also home to: ncaa ice hockey and basketball tournamentsknown for: the antics of iceburgh (the penguins' mascot), rc cola, fantastic concerts, wwe live events, monster jam and other family eventsfun fact: the penguins had a record-setting sellout streak that

lasted 14 years and 633 consecutive games from 2007-2021, resulting in three stanley cups.did you know? ppg paints arena offers free skates on select dates throughout the year. look for announcements on social media. credit |dave dicello pittsburgh riverhounds pittsburgh is becoming a part on america’s growing soccer landscape with the riverhounds! take in a great city skyline at highmark stadium at station square and help turn pittsburgh into a #houndtahn! where to see them: highmark stadiumcapacity: 5,000opened: 2012also home to: blues & heritage festival, wpial soccer championshipsknown for: trains rumbling by during games, steel army supporters sectionfun fact: a riverhound isn't a type of dog! it's a nickname for the people who operate coal barges on the river.did you know? the on-field party box is one of the best luxury boxes in town, offering unmatched on-the-field views with seating for up to 60. credit |chris cowger coming soon... starting in 2025, the riverhounds ownership group will have an all-new usl w league team competing at the pre-professional level. look for names, logos and much more on this coming soon. other pittsburgh sports teams in addition to the steelers, penguins and pirates, this world-class sports town boasts teams in everything from women's football to ultimate frisbee, roller derby, armored combat and esports! other sports attractions heinz history center-western pennsylvania sports museum the western pennsylvania sports museum, a state-of-the-art museum at the senator john heinz history center, features a stunning collection of one-of-a-kind sports artifacts and interactive exhibits that celebrate the rich tradition of sports in our region. when it comes to sports pride and sports history, no other region in the world is like western pennsylvania. engine house no.25 this historic firehouse now holds some of the most fascinating memora