s and giveaways. greek sing in this annual event supporting local charities, cmu fraternities and sororities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. the fair and winter fair explore cmu's diverse student organizations and outdoor recreation partners. the fairs take place early in the fall and spring semesters. kiltie band the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious, irreverent energy to cmu sporting events. our connection to the city carnegie mellon’s traditions include embracing pittsburgh’s rich culture. immerse yourself in the city’s unique offerings through these opportunities: arts pass unlock free access to renowned museums and attractions with your cmu id, from the andy warhol museum to the national aviary. pittsburgh connections join outdoor adventures, cultural exploration and environmental stewardship across pittsburgh through subsidized experiences. explore more cmu traditions from treats during finals week to hearing the sound of bagpipes on campus, discover more cmu traditions that become lifelong memories. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpipes. carnegie mellon's pipes and drums can be found practicing around campus and performing at formal university events. autographs behind the stage of kresge theatre senior "dramats" (drama students) sign the walls and ceiling before graduating. among these young hopefuls: ted danson, blair underwood and holly hunter. almost midnight breakfast cmu staff and faculty cook omelets and serve you breakfast during finals week in the fall and spring semesters. cultivating future leaders we take immense pride in training the leaders of tomorrow. learn about our time-honored traditions that empower you to unlock your full potential and celebrate your achievements: emerging leaders senior leadership recognition senior engagement traditions connected to the past, shaping the future at carnegie mellon university (cmu), traditions are more than just events — they're a celebration of our bold and collaborative community. some commemorate the scottish heritage of our founder, andrew carnegie, while others originate from previous cmu students. these hallmark experiences help create the fabric of the university, building a tight-knit campus with a creative, quirky spirit. from the distinctive sounds of the carnegie mellon pipes and drums to the joyful energy of spring carnival, our traditions embody our fearless, visionary spirit, honor our rich history and pave t