n the walls and ceiling before graduating. among these young hopefuls: ted danson, blair underwood and holly hunter. almost midnight breakfast cmu staff and faculty cook omelets and serve you breakfast during finals week in the fall and spring semesters. cultivating future leaders we take immense pride in training the leaders of tomorrow. learn about our time-honored traditions that empower you to unlock your full potential and celebrate your achievements: emerging leaders senior leadership recognition senior engagement traditions traditions traditions connected to the past, shaping the future at carnegie mellon university (cmu), traditions are more than just events — they're a celebration of our bold and collaborative community. some commemorate the scottish heritage of our founder, andrew carnegie, while others originate from previous cmu students. these hallmark experiences help create the fabric of the university, building a tight-knit campus with a creative, quirky spirit. from the distinctive sounds of the carnegie mellon pipes and drums to the joyful energy of spring carnival, our traditions embody our fearless, visionary spirit, honor our rich history and pave the way for an extraordinary future.explore the many annual traditions and programs where the entire cmu community comes together to connect, engage and unleash their tartan pride. connected to the past, shaping the future at carnegie mellon university (cmu), traditions are more than just events — they're a celebration of our bold and collaborative community. some commemorate the scottish heritage of our founder, andrew carnegie, while others originate from previous cmu students. these hallmark experiences help create the fabric of the university, building a tight-knit campus with a creative, quirky spirit. from the distinctive sounds of the carnegie mellon pipes and drums to the joyful energy of spring carnival, our traditions embody our fearless, visionary spirit, honor our rich history and pave the way for an extraordinary future.explore the many annual traditions and programs where the entire cmu community comes together to connect, engage and unleash their tartan pride. connected to the past, shaping the future at carnegie mellon university (cmu), traditions are more than just events — they're a celebration of our bold and collaborative community. some commemorate the scottish heritage of our founder, andrew carnegie, while others originate from previous cmu students. these hallmark expe