ng carnival, our traditions embody our fearless, visionary spirit, honor our rich history and pave the way for an extraordinary future.explore the many annual traditions and programs where the entire cmu community comes together to connect, engage and unleash their tartan pride. the fence at cmu have a message for campus? paint it on the fence, a tradition that made the original structure the most painted object in the world. help our current fence retake that title. learn about the fence spring carnival the oldest cmu tradition, this three-day event features student-built booths, racing

robots, live entertainment and an array of delectable food options. learn about spring carnival cmu traditions and activities explore our annual events that foster the tartan spirit. sweepstakes a thrilling highlight of spring carnival is sweepstakes, in which cmu students build and race aerodynamic "buggies" at speeds up to 35 mph. scotty saturday this daylong celebration of carnegie mellon spirit features cmu-themed activities, student talent showcases, free snacks and giveaways. greek sing in this annual event supporting local charities, cmu fraternities and sororities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. the fair and winter fair explore cmu's diverse student organizations and outdoor recreation partners. the fairs take place early in the fall and spring semesters. kiltie band the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious, irreverent energy to cmu sporting events. our connection to the city carnegie mellon’s traditions include embracing pittsburgh’s rich culture. immerse yourself in the city’s unique offerings through these opportunities: arts pass unlock free access to renowned museums and attractions with your cmu id, from the andy warhol museum to the national aviary. pittsburgh connections join outdoor adventures, cultural exploration and environmental stewardship across pittsburgh through subsidized experiences. explore more cmu traditions from treats during finals week to hearing the sound of bagpipes on campus, discover more cmu traditions that become lifelong memories. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpipes. carnegie mellon's pipes and drums can be found practicing around campus and performing at formal university events. autographs behind the stage of kresge theatre senior "dramats" (drama students) sign the walls and ceiling before graduating. among these young hopefuls: ted danson, blair underwood a