als week to hearing the sound of bagpipes on campus, discover more cmu traditions that become lifelong memories. from treats during finals week to hearing the sound of bagpipes on campus, discover more cmu traditions that become lifelong memories. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpipes. carnegie mellon's pipes and drums can be found practicing around campus and performing at formal university events. autographs behind the stage of kresge theatre senior "dramats" (drama students) sign the walls and ceiling before graduating. among these young hopefuls: ted danson, blair underwood and holly hunter. almost midnight breakfast cmu staff and faculty cook omelets and serve you breakfast during finals week in the fall and spring semesters. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpipes. carnegie mellon's pipes and drums can be found practicing around campus and performing at formal university events. autographs behind the stage of kresge theatre senior "dramats" (drama students) sign the walls and ceiling before graduating. among these young hopefuls: ted danson, blair underwood and holly hunter. almost midnight breakfast cmu staff and faculty cook omelets and serve

you breakfast during finals week in the fall and spring semesters. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpipes. carnegie mellon's pipes and drums can be found practicing around campus and performing at formal university events. autographs behind the stage of kresge theatre senior "dramats" (drama students) sign the walls and ceiling before graduating. among these young hopefuls: ted danson, blair underwood and holly hunter. almost midnight breakfast cmu staff and faculty cook omelets and serve you breakfast during finals week in the fall and spring semesters. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpipes. carnegie mellon's pipes and drums can be found practicing around campus and performing at formal university events. autographs behind the stage of kresge theatre senior "dramats" (drama students) sign the walls and ceiling before graduating. among these young hopefuls: ted danson, blair underwood and holly hunter. almost midnight breakfast cmu staff and faculty cook omelets and serve you breakfast during finals week in the fall and spring semesters. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpipes. carnegie mellon's pipes and drums can be found practicing around campus and performing at formal university events. bagpipers it doesn't get more scottish than bagpi