our founder, andrew carnegie, while others originate from previous cmu students. these hallmark experiences help create the fabric of the university, building a tight-knit campus with a creative, quirky spirit. from the distinctive sounds of the carnegie mellon pipes and drums to the joyful energy of spring carnival, our traditions embody our fearless, visionary spirit, honor our rich history and pave the way for an extraordinary future.explore the many annual traditions and programs where the entire cmu community comes together to connect, engage and unleash their tartan pride. connected to the past, shaping the future at carnegie mellon university (cmu), traditions are more than just events — they're a celebration of our bold and collaborative community. some commemorate the scottish heritage of our founder, andrew carnegie, while others originate from previous cmu students. these hallmark experiences help create the fabric of the university, building a tight-knit campus with a creative, quirky spirit. from the distinctive sounds of the carnegie mellon pipes and drums to the joyful energy of spring carnival, our traditions embody our fearless, visionary spirit, honor our rich history and pave the way for an extraordinary future.explore the many annual traditions and programs where the entire cmu community comes together to connect, engage and unleash their tartan pride. connected to the past, shaping the future at carnegie mellon university (cmu), traditions are more than just events — they're a celebration of our bold and collaborative community. some commemorate the scottish heritage of our founder, andrew carnegie, while others originate from previous cmu students. these hallmark experiences help create the fabric of the university, building a tight-knit campus with a creative, quirky spirit. from the distinctive sounds of the carnegie mellon pipes and drums to the joyful energy of spring carnival, our traditions embody our fearless, visionary spirit, honor our rich history and pave the way for an extraordinary future. explore the many annual traditions and programs where the entire cmu community comes together to connect, engage and unleash their tartan pride. the fence at cmu have a message for campus? paint it on the fence, a tradition that made the original structure the most painted object in the world. help our current fence retake that title. learn about the fence the fence at cmu have a message for campus? paint it on the fence, a tradition th