kiltie band kiltie band the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious, irreverent energy to cmu sporting events. the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious, irreverent energy to cmu sporting events. our connection to the city carnegie mellon’s traditions include embracing pittsburgh’s rich culture. immerse yourself in the city’s unique offerings through these opportunities: our connection to the city carnegie mellon’s traditions include embracing pittsburgh’s rich culture. immerse yourself in the city’s unique offerings through these opportunities: carnegie mellon’s traditions include embracing pittsburgh’s rich culture. immerse yourself in the city’s unique offerings through these opportunities: arts pass unlock free access to renowned museums and attractions with your cmu id, from the andy warhol museum to the national aviary. pittsburgh connections join outdoor adventures, cultural exploration and environmental stewardship across pittsburgh through subsidized experiences. arts pass unlock free access to renowned museums and attractions with your cmu id, from the andy warhol museum to the national aviary. pittsburgh connections join outdoor adventures, cultural exploration and environmental stewardship across pittsburgh through subsidized experiences. arts pass unlock free access to renowned museums and attractions with your cmu id, from the andy warhol museum to the national aviary. pittsburgh connections join outdoor adventures, cultural exploration and environmental stewardship across pittsburgh through subsidized experiences. arts pass unlock free access to renowned museums and attractions with your cmu id, from the andy warhol museum to the national aviary. arts pass unlock free access to renowned museums and attractions with your cmu id, from the andy warhol museum to the national aviary. pittsburgh connections join outdoor adventures, cultural exploration and environmental stewardship across pittsburgh through subsidized experiences. pittsburgh connections join outdoor adventures, cultural exploration and environmental stewardship across pittsburgh through subsidized experiences. explore more cmu traditions from treats during finals week to hearing the sound of bagpipes on campus, discover more cmu traditions that become lifelong memories. explore more cmu traditions from treats during finals week to hearing the sound of bagpipes on campus, discover more cmu traditions that become lifelo