orities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. the fair and winter fair explore cmu's diverse student organizations and outdoor recreation partners. the fairs take place early in the fall and spring semesters. kiltie band the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious, irreverent energy to cmu sporting events. sweepstakes a thrilling highlight of spring carnival is sweepstakes, in which cmu students build and race aerodynamic "buggies" at speeds up to 35 mph. sweepstakes sweepstakes sweepstakes a thrilling highlight of spring carnival is sweepstakes, in which cmu students build and race aerodynamic "buggies" at speeds up to 35 mph. a thrilling highlight of spring carnival is sweepstakes, in which cmu students build and race aerodynamic "buggies" at speeds up to 35 mph. scotty saturday this daylong celebration of carnegie mellon spirit features cmu-themed activities, student talent showcases, free snacks and giveaways. scotty saturday scotty saturday scotty saturday this daylong celebration of carnegie mellon spirit features cmu-themed activities, student talent showcases, free snacks and giveaways. this daylong celebration of carnegie mellon spirit features cmu-themed activities, student talent showcases, free snacks and giveaways. greek sing in this annual event supporting local charities, cmu fraternities and sororities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. greek sing greek sing greek sing in this annual event supporting local charities, cmu fraternities and sororities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. in this annual event supporting local charities, cmu fraternities and sororities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. the fair and winter fair explore cmu's diverse student organizations and outdoor recreation partners. the fairs take place early in the fall and spring semesters. the fair and winter fair the fair and winter fair the fair and winter fair explore cmu's diverse student organizations and outdoor recreation partners. the fairs take place early in the fall and spring semesters. explore cmu's diverse student organizations and outdoor recreation partners. the fairs take place early in the fall and spring semesters. kiltie band the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious, irreverent energy to cmu sporting events. kiltie band kiltie band kiltie band the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious,