rn about the fence the fence at cmu have a message for campus? paint it on the fence, a tradition that made the original structure the most painted object in the world. help our current fence retake that title. learn about the fence the fence at cmu have a message for campus? paint it on the fence, a tradition that made the original structure the most painted object in the world. help our current fence retake that title. learn about the fence spring carnival the oldest cmu tradition, this three-day event features student-built booths, racing robots, live entertainment and an array of delectable food options. learn about spring carnival spring carnival the oldest cmu tradition, this three-day event features student-built booths, racing robots, live entertainment and an array of delectable food options. learn about spring carnival spring carnival the oldest cmu tradition, this three-day event features student-built booths, racing robots, live entertainment and an array of delectable food options. learn about spring carnival cmu traditions and activities explore our annual events that foster the tartan spirit. cmu traditions and activities explore our annual events that foster the tartan spirit. explore our annual events that foster the tartan spirit. sweepstakes a thrilling highlight of spring carnival is sweepstakes, in which cmu students build and race aerodynamic "buggies" at speeds up to 35 mph. scotty saturday this daylong celebration of carnegie mellon spirit features cmu-themed activities, student talent showcases, free snacks and giveaways. greek sing in this annual event supporting local charities, cmu fraternities and sororities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. the fair and winter fair explore cmu's diverse student organizations and outdoor recreation partners. the fairs take place early in the fall and spring semesters. kiltie band the kiltie band rocks kilts — what else? — while bringing their infectious, irreverent energy to cmu sporting events. sweepstakes a thrilling highlight of spring carnival is sweepstakes, in which cmu students build and race aerodynamic "buggies" at speeds up to 35 mph. scotty saturday this daylong celebration of carnegie mellon spirit features cmu-themed activities, student talent showcases, free snacks and giveaways. greek sing in this annual event supporting local charities, cmu fraternities and sororities perform 15-minute versions of your favorite musicals. the fair and winter fair explore cmu's