t-of-its-kind celebration of pittsburgh’s lgbtqia+ community read full story published on october 01, 2025 outfest: a first-of-its-kind celebration outfest: a first-of-its-kind celebration of pittsburgh’s lgbtqia+ community read full story published on september 30, 2025 preliminary budget released maintains core services without layoffs today, mayor ed gainey released his administration’s preliminary 2026 operating budget and five -year plan and 2026 capital budget and six year plan for the city of pittsburgh. read full story published on september 30, 2025 preliminary budget released maintains core services without layoffs today, mayor ed gainey released his administration’s preliminary 2026 operating budget and five -year plan and 2026 capital budget and six year plan for the city of pittsburgh. read full story published on september 29, 2025 reopening of the herron avenue bridge following emergency repairs the city of pittsburgh to reopen the herron avenue bridge following emergency repairs read full story published on september 29, 2025 reopening of the herron avenue bridge following emergency repairs the city of pittsburgh to reopen the herron avenue bridge following emergency repairs read full story published on september 26, 2025 cop ems celebrates the formal launch of whole blood in the field the collaborative program—a partnership between the city, upmc, and vitalant—provides a major life-saving benefit to our city read full story published on september 26, 2025 cop ems celebrates the formal launch of whole blood in the field the collaborative program—a partnership between the city, upmc, and vitalant—provides a major life-saving benefit to our city read full story events events no results found. please try again later. view more events no results found. please try again later. view more events no results found. please try again later. view more events no results found. please try again later. view more events no results found. please try again later. no results found. please try again later. no results found. please try again later. no results found. please try again later. service finder pwsa water bill pittsburgh regional transit our 2,600 employees operate, maintain and support bus, light rail, incline and paratransit services to provide more than 60 million rides a year. engagepgh learn about current city department projects, programs, and initiatives. 311 response center contact 311 for non-emergency city of pittsburgh concerns or questions