opens in new tab or window opens in new tab or window skip to main content home welcome tothe city of pittsburgh recycling & refuse contact 311 park shelter rental permits & licenses parks and recreation city meeting hub apply for dog license trash collection schedule tax & real estate bid opportunities city press releases road maintenance news published on october 01, 2025 outfest: a first-of-its-kind celebration outfest: a first-of-its-kind celebration of pittsburgh’s lgbtqia+ community read full story published on september 30, 2025 preliminary budget released maintains core services without layoffs today, mayor ed gainey released his administration’s preliminary 2026 operating budget and five -year plan and 2026 capital budget and six year plan for the city of pittsburgh. read full story published on september 29, 2025 reopening of the herron avenue bridge following emergency repairs the city of pittsburgh to reopen the herron avenue bridge following emergency repairs read full story published on september 26, 2025 cop ems celebrates the formal launch of whole blood in the field the collaborative program—a partnership between the city, upmc, and vitalant—provides a major life-saving benefit to our city read full story view all news events no results found. please try again later. view more events service finder pwsa water bill pittsburgh regional transit our 2,600 employees operate, maintain and support bus, light rail, incline and paratransit services to provide more than 60 million rides a year. engagepgh learn about current city department projects, programs, and initiatives. 311 response center contact 311 for non-emergency city of pittsburgh concerns or questions. visit 311 to submit a service request. pittsburgh parking authority have questions about a ticket you just received or inquiring about a job opening? click on the corresponding links below to find out what your options are. traffic court traffic offenses, non-traffic summary offenses, violations of city of pittsburgh ordinances, criminal cases, preliminary hearings. onestoppgh in 2019, mayor peduto announced onestoppgh: a website where residents can apply, pay for, and receive business licenses and permits, upload development plans, and track violation notices. now you can navigate the development process from home, work, or on the go. duquesne light company city of pittsburgh's electricity company, duquesne light maintains the poles and wires, responds in an emergency and issues your bi