unique experience offers a behind-the-scenes look at how the holiday tour comes to life. moreview all events an evening in clayton: behind-the-scenes at the holidays wednesday, november 195:30 pm - 7:00 pm join frick curatorial staff for a festive evening in clayton! this unique experience offers a behind-the-scenes look at how the holiday tour comes to life. moreview all events nov 19 nov 19 home for the holidays at clayton saturday, november 2210:15 am - 3:30 pm celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of clayton! moreview all events nov 22 home for the holidays at clayton saturday, november 2210:15 am - 3:30 pm celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of clayton! moreview all events nov 22 home for the holidays at clayton saturday, november 2210:15 am - 3:30 pm celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of clayton! moreview all events home for the holidays at clayton saturday, november 2210:15 am - 3:30 pm celebrate the season and take in the cheerful atmosphere of a home decked for the holidays on a specialty tour of clayton! moreview all events nov 22 nov 22 @frickpittsburgh on instagram right now at the frick @frickpittsburgh on instagram right now at the frick a center of our community inclusion at the frick a center of our community inclusion at the frick a center of our community inclusion at the frick a center of our community × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? × customer login enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! enter your username and password to login to your account. don't have an account? contact us! forgot password? forgot password? forgot password? forgot password? × forgot password enter your usernam