0 pmthe scandinavian home: landscape and lore 10:00 am - 5:00 pmcar and carriage museum view all of todays events your next visit awaits if you’re looking for a serene place to watch the leaves change while sipping on a warm drink, our museums and gardens have something for everyone to do this autumn. coziness awaits for you in the scandinavian home: landscape and lore exhibition where domestic and mythic intertwine. you’ll delve deeper into 1892—a pivotal and complicated year for pittsburgh and the frick family alike—on our award-winning tour of clayton, gilded, not golden. as one of pittsburgh’s best backyards, come relax and enjoy art, history, and nature with us all fall long! plan your visit today at the frick wednesday, october 1 open 10:00 am - 5:00 pm 8:00 am - 8:00 pmduquesne soundwalk at the frick 10:00 am - 5:00 pmcatching sunbeams from the porch swing of wisteria castle 10:00 am - 5:00 pmthe scandinavian home: landscape and lore 10:00 am - 5:00 pmcar and carriage museum view all of todays events your next visit awaits if you’re looking for a serene place to watch the leaves change while sipping on a warm drink, our museums and gardens have something for everyone to do this autumn. coziness awaits for you in the scandinavian home: landscape and lore exhibition where domestic and mythic intertwine. you’ll delve deeper into 1892—a pivotal and complicated year for pittsburgh and the frick family alike—on our award-winning tour of clayton, gilded, not golden. as one of pittsburgh’s best backyards, come relax and enjoy art, history, and nature with us all fall long! plan your visit your next visit awaits if you’re looking for a serene place to watch the leaves change while sipping on a warm drink, our museums and gardens have something for everyone to do this autumn. coziness awaits for you in the scandinavian home: landscape and lore exhibition where domestic and mythic intertwine. you’ll delve deeper into 1892—a pivotal and complicated year for pittsburgh and the frick family alike—on our award-winning tour of clayton, gilded, not golden. as one of pittsburgh’s best backyards, come relax and enjoy art, history, and nature with us all fall long! if you’re looking for a serene place to watch the leaves change while sipping on a warm drink, our museums and gardens have something for everyone to do this autumn. coziness awaits for you in the scandinavian home: landscape and lore exhibition where domestic and mythic intertwine. you’ll delve deeper into