thing practitioners from the frick environmental center. moreview all events nov 8 forest bathing: mindful nature experience saturday, november 810:00 am - 12:00 pm visit the scandinavian home exhibition and reconnect with nature through a slow, restorative experience facilitated by certified forest bathing practitioners from the frick environmental center. moreview all events nov 8 forest bathing: mindful nature experience saturday, november 810:00 am - 12:00 pm visit the scandinavian home exhibition and reconnect with nature through a slow, restorative experience facilitated by certified forest bathing practitioners from the frick environmental center. moreview all events forest bathing: mindful nature experience saturday, november 810:00 am - 12:00 pm visit the scandinavian home exhibition and reconnect with nature through a slow, restorative experience facilitated by certified forest bathing practitioners from the frick environmental center. moreview all events nov 8 nov 8 air-dry clay workshop: gnome homes sunday, november 91:30 pm - 4:30 pm join local clay artist elizabeth wells to create your own one-of-a-kind gnome home, fairy garden, or enchanted dwelling with a scandinavian folklore twist. moreview all events nov 9 air-dry clay workshop: gnome homes sunday, november 91:30 pm - 4:30 pm join local clay artist elizabeth wells to create your own one-of-a-kind gnome home, fairy garden, or enchanted dwelling with a scandinavian folklore twist. moreview all events nov 9 air-dry clay workshop: gnome homes sunday, november 91:30 pm - 4:30 pm join local clay artist elizabeth wells to create your own one-of-a-kind gnome home, fairy garden, or enchanted dwelling with a scandinavian folklore twist. moreview all events air-dry clay workshop: gnome homes sunday, november 91:30 pm - 4:30 pm join local clay artist elizabeth wells to create your own one-of-a-kind gnome home, fairy garden, or enchanted dwelling with a scandinavian folklore twist. moreview all events nov 9 nov 9 guided evening tour of the scandinavian home: landscape and lore wednesday, november 126:00 pm - 7:30 pm join a frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of the scandinavian home: landscape and lore. moreview all events nov 12 guided evening tour of the scandinavian home: landscape and lore wednesday, november 126:00 pm - 7:30 pm join a frick gallery facilitator for an after-hours deeper exploration of the scandinavian home: landscape and lore. moreview all events nov 1