the south side of pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) authentic experiences trails learn more hotels & resorts learn more plan your trip learn more biking in pittsburgh learn more related blog posts insider’s guide: the pittsburgh marathon get the inside tips and tricks about how to make the most of marathon weekend in pittsburgh learn more marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perf