competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. pittsburgh marathon - may there are several races under the p3r banner, including the annual dick's sporting goods pittsburgh marathon in may. in addition, race weekend features the upmc health plan half marathon, fedex pittsburgh marathon relay, upmc health plan/upmc sports medicine pittsburgh 5k run, chick-fil-a pittsburgh kids marathon, pittsburgh pet walk fueled by pro plan and sheetz pittsburgh toddler trot. more than 30,000 participants cross the finish line during this weekend of fun running events. pittsburgh marathon - may there are several races under the p3r banner, including the annual dick's sporting goods pittsburgh marathon in may. in addition, race weekend features the upmc health plan half marathon, fedex pittsburgh marathon relay, upmc health plan/upmc sports medicine pittsburgh 5k run, chick-fil-a pittsburgh kids marathon, pittsburgh pet walk fueled by pro plan and sheetz pittsburgh toddler trot. more than 30,000 participants cross the finish line during this weekend of fun running events. pittsburgh marathon - may there are several races under the p3r banner, including the annual dick's sporting goods pittsburgh marathon in may. in addition, race weekend features the upmc health plan half marathon, fedex pittsburgh marathon relay, upmc health plan/upmc sports medicine pittsburgh 5k run, chick-fil-a pittsburgh kids marathon, pittsburgh pet walk fueled by pro plan and sheetz pittsburgh toddler trot. more than 30,000 participants cross the finish line during this weekend of fun running events. pittsburgh marathon - may there are several races under the p3r banner, including the annual dick's sporting goods pittsburgh marathon in may. in addition, race weekend features the upmc health plan half marathon, fedex pittsburgh marathon relay, upmc health plan/upmc sports medicine pittsburgh 5k run, chick-fil-a pittsburgh kids marathon, pittsburgh pet walk fueled by pro plan and sheetz pittsburgh toddler trot. more than 30,000 participants cross the finish line during this weekend of fun running events. rush to crush cancer - spring the rush to crush cancer is a ride with three distance options to choose from to pedal and partner for cancer research. a survivor's walk will also happen race weekend. america's mile - summer the unique america's mile road race is short, fast and fun. set against pittsburgh's breathtaking north shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all age