cabin park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. yinzer 4.12k - summer don your best yinzer outfit, grab the heinz ketchup and meet us at the north shore for this fun run complete with food trucks, live music and tons to do on the great lawn. habitat pittsburgh's youth triathlon - summer habitat for humanity pittsburgh lets kids of all ability levels ages 7-15 run, swim and bike in this fun and accessible triathlon. this event happens at the north park pool every summer, and all kids get a shirt to tie-dye and a medal for participating. hell hath no hurry - summer go outside of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with the thrilling race run and walk options at hell hath no hurry. held at the scenic settlers cabin park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. yinzer 4.12k - summer don your best yinzer outfit, grab the heinz ketchup and meet us at the north shore for this fun run complete with food trucks, live music and tons to do on the great lawn. habitat pittsburgh's youth triathlon - summer habitat for humanity pittsburgh lets kids of all ability levels ages 7-15 run, swim and bike in this fun and accessible triathlon. this event happens at the north park pool every summer, and all kids get a shirt to tie-dye and a medal for participating. hell hath no hurry - summer go outside of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with the thrilling race run and walk options at hell hath no hurry. held at the scenic settlers cabin park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. yinzer 4.12k - summer don your best yinzer outfit, grab the heinz ketchup and meet us at the north shore for this fun run complete with food trucks, live music and tons to do on the great lawn. habitat pittsburgh's youth triathlon - summer habitat for humanity pittsburgh lets kids of all ability levels ages 7-15 run, swim and bike in this fun and accessible triathlon. this event happens at the north park pool every summer, and all kids get a shirt to tie-dye and a medal for participating. hell hath no hurry - summer go outside of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with the thrilling race run and walk options at hell hath no hurry. held at the scenic settlers cabin park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. yinzer 4.12k - summer don your best yinzer outfit, grab the heinz ketchup and meet us at the north shore for