eing a dirty dozen finisher. the race includes the infamous canton avenue hill, which boasts a 37 percent grade and is speculated to be the steepest paved city street in the world. gap relay - fall spanning two days and the entirety of the 150-mile great allegheny passage, the gap relay starts in maryland and finishes right here in pittsburgh. a one day, 40-mile adventure option is also available. dirty dozen - late fall take on 13 of pittsburgh's steepest hills in this bike challenge. riders must bike up the hills in one motion without stopping or crashing to earn the prestige of being a dirty dozen finisher. the race includes the infamous canton avenue hill, which boasts a 37 percent grade and is speculated to be the steepest paved city street in the world. other fun races & events other fun races around the city include the run around the square in pittsburgh's regent square neighborhood and the ymca thanksgiving day turkey trot. or, climb some serious stairs that lead to amazing city views. pittsburgh has more than 716 sets of steps in 66 of its 90 neighborhoods. the annual steptrek on the south side of pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. other fun races & events other fun races around the city include the run around the square in pittsburgh's regent square neighborhood and the ymca thanksgiving day turkey trot. or, climb some serious stairs that lead to amazing city views. pittsburgh has more than 716 sets of steps in 66 of its 90 neighborhoods. the annual steptrek on the south side of pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. other fun races & events other fun races & events other fun races around the city include the run around the square in pittsburgh's regent square neighborhood and the ymca thanksgiving day turkey trot. or, climb some serious stairs that lead to amazing city views. pittsburgh has more than 716 sets of steps in 66 of its 90 neighborhoods. the annual steptrek on the south side of pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. other fun races around the city include the run around the square in pittsburgh's regent square neighborhood and the ymca thanksgiving day turkey trot. or, climb some serious stairs that lead to amazing city views. pittsburgh has more than 716 sets of steps in 66 of its 90 neighborhoods. the annual steptrek on the south side of pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) view this post on instagram a