d the strip district. the course begins on west carson street near highmark stadium and crosses four bridges before finishing in front of eqt headquarters on liberty avenue, downtown. pittsburgh great race - fall the other major race happening each year in pittsburgh is the richard s. caliguiri city of pittsburgh great race at the end of september. take part in the 5k run & fitness walk or the 10k run. view this post on instagram a post shared by the great race (@greatracepgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by the great race (@greatracepgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by the great race (@greatracepgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by the great race (@greatracepgh) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by the great race (@greatracepgh) gap relay - fall spanning two days and the entirety of the 150-mile great allegheny passage, the gap relay starts in maryland and finishes right here in pittsburgh. a one day, 40-mile adventure option is also available. dirty dozen - late fall take on 13 of pittsburgh's steepest hills in this bike challenge. riders must bike up the hills in one motion without stopping or crashing to earn the prestige of being a dirty dozen finisher. the race includes the infamous canton avenue hill, which boasts a 37 percent grade and is speculated to be the steepest paved city street in the world. gap relay - fall spanning two days and the entirety of the 150-mile great allegheny passage, the gap relay starts in maryland and finishes right here in pittsburgh. a one day, 40-mile adventure option is also available. dirty dozen - late fall take on 13 of pittsburgh's steepest hills in this bike challenge. riders must bike up the hills in one motion without stopping or crashing to earn the prestige of being a dirty dozen finisher. the race includes the infamous canton avenue hill, which boasts a 37 percent grade and is speculated to be the steepest paved city street in the world. gap relay - fall spanning two days and the entirety of the 150-mile great allegheny passage, the gap relay starts in maryland and finishes right here in pittsburgh. a one day, 40-mile adventure option is also available. dirty dozen - late fall take on 13 of pittsburgh's steepest hills in this bike challenge. riders must bike up the hills in one motion without stopping or crashing to earn the prestige of being a dirty dozen finisher. the race includes the infamous canton avenue hill, which boasts a 37 pe