distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. pittsburgh marathon - may there ar