against pittsburgh's breathtaking north shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all ages and abilities then meet at the finish line for the mile 1.1 post-race party. rush to crush cancer - spring the rush to crush cancer is a ride with three distance options to choose from to pedal and partner for cancer research. a survivor's walk will also happen race weekend. america's mile - summer the unique america's mile road race is short, fast and fun. set against pittsburgh's breathtaking north shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all ages and abilities then meet at the finish line for the mile 1.1 post-race party. rush to crush cancer - spring the rush to crush cancer is a ride with three distance options to choose from to pedal and partner for cancer research. a survivor's walk will also happen race weekend. america's mile - summer the unique america's mile road race is short, fast and fun. set against pittsburgh's breathtaking north shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all ages and abilities then meet at the finish line for the mile 1.1 post-race party. rush to crush cancer - spring the rush to crush cancer is a ride with three distance options to choose from to pedal and partner for cancer research. a survivor's walk will also happen race weekend. america's mile - summer the unique america's mile road race is short, fast and fun. set against pittsburgh's breathtaking north shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all ages and abilities then meet at the finish line for the mile 1.1 post-race party. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) habitat pittsburgh's youth triathlon - summer habitat for humanity pittsburgh lets kids of all ability levels ages 7-15 run, swim and bike in this fun and accessible triathlon. this event happens at the north park pool every summer, and all kids get a shirt to tie-dye and a medal for participating. hell hath no hurry - summer go outside of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with the thrilling race run and walk options at hell hath no hurry. held at the scenic settlers cabin park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. yinzer