our best yinzer outfit, grab the heinz ketchup and meet us at the north shore for this fun run complete with food trucks, live music and tons to do on the great lawn. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) rachel carson trail challenge - summer held on the longest day of the year, the rachel carson trail challenge's main race is 36-mile endurance hike that goes from sunrise to sunset in north park. an 18-mile hike and 7-mile family challenge also occur that same day.steelers run and walk - labor day weekend every steelers season kicks off with this fun event which

weaves through the north shore and finishes right on the field where the steelers play at acrisure stadium. a kids fun run for those 9 and under also happens the same weekendeqt ten miler - fall pittsburgh's newest road race, the eqt pittsburgh 10 miler features a classic 10-mile distance highlighting some of pittsburgh's unique neighborhoods including the west end, north side, lawrenceville and the strip district. the course begins on west carson street near highmark stadium and crosses four bridges before finishing in front of eqt headquarters on liberty avenue, downtown.pittsburgh great race - fall the other major race happening each year in pittsburgh is the richard s. caliguiri city of pittsburgh great race at the end of september. take part in the 5k run & fitness walk or the 10k run. view this post on instagram a post shared by the great race (@greatracepgh) gap relay - fall spanning two days and the entirety of the 150-mile great allegheny passage, the gap relay starts in maryland and finishes right here in pittsburgh. a one day, 40-mile adventure option is also available. dirty dozen - late fall take on 13 of pittsburgh's steepest hills in this bike challenge. riders must bike up the hills in one motion without stopping or crashing to earn the prestige of being a dirty dozen finisher. the race includes the infamous canton avenue hill, which boasts a 37 percent grade and is speculated to be the steepest paved city street in the world. other fun races & events other fun races around the city include the run around the square in pittsburgh's regent square neighborhood and the ymca thanksgiving day turkey trot. or, climb some serious stairs that lead to amazing city views. pittsburgh has more than 716 sets of steps in 66 of its 90 neighborhoods. the annual steptrek on the south side of pittsburgh takes you up a series of public stairways. view this post on instagram