orts event attendee sports event attendee power of sports economy power of sports economy weddings & reunions weddings & reunions media media partners partners discover your persona marathons, runs, walks & races run, walk or trot through the neighborhoods of pittsburgh during some of the fastest growing racing events in the nation. the topography of the city and the uniqueness of the neighborhoods give these events a distinctive feel. the rolling hills, glistening rivers and seemingly endless bridges create the perfect backdrop to keep you moving. whether you're looking to have a fun mile, tackle your first marathon, cycle some of the steepest hills in the city, or have some friendly competition on the water, pittsburgh has what you're looking for. pittsburgh marathon - may there are several races under the p3r banner, including the annual dick's sporting goods pittsburgh marathon in may. in addition, race weekend features the upmc health plan half marathon, fedex pittsburgh marathon relay, upmc health plan/upmc sports medicine pittsburgh 5k run, chick-fil-a pittsburgh kids marathon, pittsburgh pet walk fueled by pro plan and sheetz pittsburgh toddler trot. more than 30,000 participants cross the finish line during this weekend of fun running events. rush to crush cancer - spring the rush to crush cancer is a ride with three distance options to choose from to pedal and partner for cancer research. a survivor's walk will also happen race weekend. america's mile - summer the unique america's mile road race is short, fast and fun. set against pittsburgh's breathtaking north shore, choose your challenge from diverse heats for all ages and abilities then meet at the finish line for the mile 1.1 post-race party. view this post on instagram a post shared by p3r (@p3rmovespgh) habitat pittsburgh's youth triathlon - summer habitat for humanity pittsburgh lets kids of all ability levels ages 7-15 run, swim and bike in this fun and accessible triathlon. this event happens at the north park pool every summer, and all kids get a shirt to tie-dye and a medal for participating. hell hath no hurry - summer go outside of your comfort zone and challenge yourself with the thrilling race run and walk options at hell hath no hurry. held at the scenic settlers cabin park, everything from a 10k to a 50-mile race and relay is here for runners to tackle. yinzer 4.12k - summer don your best yinzer outfit, grab the heinz ketchup and meet us at the north shore for this fun run compl