ighborhoods including the west end, north side, lawrenceville and the strip district. the course begins on west carson street near highmark stadium and crosses four bridges before finishing in front of eqt headquarters on liberty avenue, downtown.pittsburgh great race - fall the other major race happening each year in pittsburgh is the richard s. caliguiri city of pittsburgh great race at the end of september. take part in the 5k run & fitness walk or the 10k run. rachel carson trail challenge - summer held on the longest day of the year, the rachel carson trail challenge's main race is 36-mile endurance hike that goes from sunrise to sunset in north park. an 18-mile hike and 7-mile family challenge also occur that same day.steelers run and walk - labor day weekend every steelers season kicks off with this fun event which weaves through the north shore and finishes right on the field where the steelers play at acrisure stadium. a kids fun run for those 9 and under also happens the same weekendeqt ten miler - fall pittsburgh's newest road race, the eqt pittsburgh 10 miler features a classic 10-mile distance highlighting some of pittsburgh's unique neighborhoods including the west end, north side, lawrenceville and the strip district. the course begins on west carson street near highmark stadium and crosses four bridges before finishing in front of eqt headquarters on liberty avenue, downtown.pittsburgh great race - fall the other major race happening each year in pittsburgh is the richard s. caliguiri city of pittsburgh great race at the end of september. take part in the 5k run & fitness walk or the 10k run. rachel carson trail challenge - summer held on the longest day of the year, the rachel carson trail challenge's main race is 36-mile endurance hike that goes from sunrise to sunset in north park. an 18-mile hike and 7-mile family challenge also occur that same day. steelers run and walk - labor day weekend every steelers season kicks off with this fun event which weaves through the north shore and finishes right on the field where the steelers play at acrisure stadium. a kids fun run for those 9 and under also happens the same weekend eqt ten miler - fall pittsburgh's newest road race, the eqt pittsburgh 10 miler features a classic 10-mile distance highlighting some of pittsburgh's unique neighborhoods including the west end, north side, lawrenceville and the strip district. the course begins on west carson street near highmark stadium and crosses four