the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine may be imposed. section 506 – personal liability of responsible persons because the amusement tax is collected from patrons, the amusement tax is not the property of the producer but instead is held in trust for the benefit of the city. any amusement tax collected from patrons or deemed included in the established price paid by patrons shall be considered trust fund taxes held for the benefit of the city. should the producer fail to timely remit the amusement tax due to the city, the treasurer may assess and collect any unpaid amusement tax directly from any responsible person or from the producer, or both. a responsible person can show he is not liable for any collected amusement tax if he shows the amusement tax has been properly refunded to the patrons who paid the tax. if the producer uses trust fund taxes to pay a lawful obligation of the producer, the payee of such funds shall not be considered a responsible person, unless the payee acts in bad faith or has direct knowledge of the breach of trust. if there are multiple responsible persons for a producer, each responsible person shall have joint and several liability for the unremitted amusement tax. however, in no event may the treasurer collect more from the responsible persons and the producer in total than the producer owes the city. only the amusement tax shall be considered a trust fund asset. penalties and interest assessed against the provider, as opposed penalties and interest assessed against the responsible person directly, shall not be consider trust funds monies. in an article vi action, a responsible person shall not be able to challenge the amusement tax calculation derived from an assessment against the producer once that assessment against the producer has become final. 22 article vi producer, taxpayer, and responsible person remedies section 601 – treasurer (director) hearings any taxpayer, producer, or responsible person aggrieved by an assessment by the treasurer shall, within ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment, request a treasurer’s hearing on a form obtained from the treasurer for that purpose. 53 pa.c.s. § 8431. the treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a producer or responsible person for a hearing. a. any taxpayer, producer or responsible person who fails to request a treasurer’s hearing within a timely manner, waives the right to contest any element of the assessment,