purposes of the tax shall be twenty-five (25%) percent of the total donation, contribution and other monetary charge. 4. separately stated charges for the rental of tangible personal property, where such charges reflect market pricing for such rentals, such as the rental of sports equipment by a producer offering recreation, are not part of the established price and are not subject to amusement tax. if the producer collects sales tax from the patron for the rental, such will establish that the rental price reflects market pricing. exempt amusements 1. the term amusement shall not include private affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations for members and their guests at which the admission charges or contribution approximate the expenses and the net proceeds, net of reasonable expenses, inure exclusively to benefit the nonprofit organization. however, if members of the general public are invited to the private affair, the event is not an exempt amusement, unless the event qualifies as an exempt performing arts production. see section 201(c). 2. the term amusement shall not include an exempt performing arts production. 3. the term amusement shall not include admissions to places of amusement where the primary purpose of the admission or event is to provide scientific, historical, or educational material to the patron so long as no material entertainment or recreation is provided. admission charges to lectures of a scientific, historical or educational nature, such as continuing education courses, when such lectures are produced or conducted by nonprofit associations or clubs are not subject to the tax. however, admission fees to places that provide food or drink, including alcoholic beverages, but do not otherwise provide entertainment or recreation, are not exempt amusements if the primary purpose of the event is to market or showcase one or more commercial products, even if ancillary historical, scientific or educational material also is provided to the patron. admission fees to tasting events that offer food or drink, but do not offer entertainment or recreation, are exempt amusements if the producer collects sales or drink taxes from the patron based on the admission charge or contribution. 4. the term amusement shall not include any admission fee or charge paid for the sale of admission to or for the privilege of admission to a bowling alley or bowling lane to engage in one or more games of bowling. the term amusement shall not include real property r