it has been issued, the fees paid therefore as prescribed by law and the tax herein imposed paid in accordance with law. 2. more than one (1) business location – if the applicant has or intends to have more than one (1) place of amusement within the city, the application must 7 indicate the location of each place of amusement and, in the case of an itinerant form of amusement, the date and length of time the amusement is to be conducted at each place. temporary place of amusement – in the case of an application for a permit for a temporary place of amusement, the application shall state the name and address of the owner, lessee or custodian of the premises upon which such amusement is to be conducted. associations or corporations – if the applicant is an association or a corporation the names and addresses of the principal officers thereof and any other information prescribed by the treasurer for purposes of identification shall be stated. signatures required – the application shall be signed and verified by oath or affirmation by the producer if a natural person, and in the case of an association by a member or partner thereof, and in the case of a corporation by an executive officer thereof, or some natural person specifically authorized by the corporation to sign the application, to which shall be attached the written evidence of his or her authority. issuance and use – upon approval of the application and payment of the fees required by law, the treasurer shall issue to each applicant an amusement permit for each place of amusement within the city set forth in his or her application. amusement permits shall not be assignable, shall be valid only for the persons in whose names issued and for the conduct of amusements at the places designated therein, and shall at all times be conspicuously displayed at the places for which issued. permit suspension – the treasurer may suspend or after hearing revoke an amusement permit whenever he or she finds the permittee has failed to comply with any of the provisions of title two, article vii, chapter 241 of the code. upon suspending or revoking any amusement permit the treasurer shall request that the permittee surrender to him or her immediately all permits and duplicates thereof issued to him or her. the permittee shall surrender promptly all permits to the treasurer as requested. whenever the treasurer suspends an amusement permit, he or she shall notify the permittee immediately and afford him or her a hearing