but admission is secured by the presentation of a life, annual, season, weekly, or daily pass, the producer shall keep a record of such admission and the date upon which such privilege was exercised. g. tax on leases or permanent uses 1. where a person has a permanent use or lease for the use of a box or seat in any place of amusement, the tax is computed upon the amount actually paid for such use or lease. 2. the tax imposed upon leases for the permanent use of boxes or seats shall be collected at the time such lease is entered into, such tax to be paid by the lessee or holder. 3. in the case of subscription tickets the tax is levied on the value of the ticket acquired and not on any contribution made by the purchaser. 13 article iii collection at source section 301 – collection and payment of tax a. producers – producers shall collect the tax imposed herein and shall be liable to the city’s agents thereof for the payment of the same to the city. if, however, any producer fails to make any report or payment as herein required, an additional five (5%) percent of the amount of the tax shall be added by the treasurer and collected as a penalty for each month or fraction thereof during which the tax remains unpaid, together with interest at the rate set forth in chapter 209 of the pittsburgh code. (ord. 38-1991, eff 11-25-91). b. temporary amusements – where permits are obtained for conducting temporary amusements by persons who are not the owners, lessees or custodians of the places where the amusements are to be conducted, or where the temporary amusement is permitted by the owner, lessee or custodian of any place to be conducted without obtaining permits required herein, the tax imposed shall be paid by the owner, lessee or custodian of the place where the temporary amusement is conducted, unless paid by the producer conducting the amusement c. season tickets – where patrons have the use of boxes or seats pursuant to section 241.04(c) of the pittsburgh code and are required to pay the entire season price at the time the seating is acquired, the producer shall collect the tax imposed herein and remit it at the time the reservation of the seating is made by the patron, that is, in advance of the season’s amusement. d. monthly report – every producer, except as hereinafter provided, conducting a place of amusement, on or before the fifteenth day of each month, shall transmit on a form prescribed by the treasurer, a report under oath or affirmation of the amo