t because it is not a live performance, and nor would they be considered an exempt performing arts production. q. – does a producer of home builders’ shows, trade shows, or similar exhibitions have to collect the amusement tax? a. – the admission receipts from a home builders’ show are properly subject to the amusement tax. the amusement tax chapter 241 of the pittsburgh code extends, by 16 definition to trade shows and similar exhibitions. q. – does a producer of wine tasting, beer tasting, whisky tasting, food tasting or similar events have to collect the amusement tax? a. – the admission receipts from a tasting event are properly subject to the amusement tax, if the event is primarily intended to showcase a commercial product or products, even if no live entertainment or recreation is provided. however, if the producer does not provide entertainment or recreation, but does collect sales taxes or drink taxes, based on the admission charge or contribution, from the patron, then the event is an exempt amusement. a tasting event is not an exempt amusement even if historical or educational material is provided to the patron if such historical or educational material is not the primary purpose of the event. q. – a bar with entertainment has a cover charge of $10.00 with the amusement tax included. how much is the amusement tax? a. - $10.00 cover charge x .04762 = $0.48 amusement tax. q. – a bar with entertainment has no cover charge, is any amusement tax owed? if so, how is it calculated? a. – the amusement tax is owed. the cover charge shall be imputed per the city code. the amount paid for admission to the amusement shall be ten (10%) percent of the amount paid for refreshment, service and merchandise. (the food and drink for a bar). the place of amusement must begin a new cash register tape that will end when the place of amusement ends. once you have the total sales from the place of amusement you are ready to impute the admission charge. the amount paid for food and drink x 10% = the admission charge. the admission charge x 5% = the imputed amusement tax. an imputed admission charge is implied, and the tax will be collected. an implied charge is one that the place of amusement would normally collect. the admission charge is therefore imputed and the tax paid by the place of amusement. 17 article iv administration and enforcement section 401 – powers and duties of treasurer (director) a. it shall be the duty of the treasurer to collect and receive the tax