lane to engage in one or more games of bowling. the term amusement shall not include real property rented for camping purposes. the term amusements shall not include membership dues, fees or assessments paid by patrons to engage in activities, the predominant purpose or nature of which is exercise, fitness, health maintenance, improvement or rehabilitation, heath or nutrition education, or weight control. however, the patron must participate in this health related activity to qualify for the exemption. the term amusements shall not include membership dues, fees or assessments of charitable, religious, beneficial or nonprofit organizations paid by patrons, such as sportsmen, recreational, golf or tennis clubs. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.301.1(f). 5 5. the term amusement shall not include any activity that the city is prohibited from taxing by reason of the u s constitution, federal law, or laws of the commonwealth. should any producer claim that any amusement is exempt from the tax under this subsection, the producer shall note the exemption on its filed return and provide a reference to the governing law. exempt performing arts production – a performing arts event where the producer is an institution of purely public charity and the proceeds, net of reasonable expenses, inure exclusively to the institutions of purely public charity. this exemption began in 2008. this exemption may expire, if the nonresident sports facility usage fee, imposed under title two, article x, chapter 271 of the code and the local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.304, is determined to be invalid or not possible to be collected. if the usage fee were determined to be invalid or not possible to be collected, the tax rate on exempt performing arts productions shall be the same rate as imposed on other amusements, but shall not exceed five percent. second class county code, 16 p.s. § 6171-b(a)(3.1). producers should consult the city finance website to determine if the tax rate on exempt performing arts productions has changed. institution of purely public charity – an organization that qualifies for tax exemption pursuant to “institutions of purely public charity act”. 10 p.s. § 371. generally, the charity must show that it has a pennsylvania sales tax exemption to qualify as an institution of purely public charity. 10 p.s. § 376(a). patron – anyone participating in the privilege of engaging in an amusement. (ord. 15- 1979, eff. 5-29-79) performing arts – artistic performa