admission charge x 5% = $ .40 amusement tax. 2. if a cover is required, such charge shall be considered as the regular established price paid for admission and is taxable as such. if a total bill exceeds the cover charge, the total charge is taxable if it in fact represents a charge for admission. if the same charge is made to the person using or furnishing his own property or equipment as where property or equipment is furnished by the management, such charge is an amount paid for admission and subject to tax. if a lesser charge is made to persons who do not desire to use the property or services offered, the lesser charge represents the admission charge. 3. donations and contributions are taxable as admission charges when the amount of the donation and contributions are stated and when such donations or contributions entitle the donor or contributors to attend or engage in an amusement. f. tax on free or reduced admission 1. a bona fide employee of the management of the theatre or other places, is not liable for the tax if admitted free, but if admitted at a reduced rate, is liable for the tax on the reduced price. bona fide employees are: (a) those persons, including

directors and officers, regularly employed by the proprietor of the place or attraction or regularly engaged in work or business transacted there, whether their duties require admission to the place or not, and whether on duty at the time admitted or not. (b) other persons whose admission to the place is required for the performance of some duty to, or work for, the proprietor. 2. newspaper reporters, photographers, radio announcers, inspectors and persons of similar vocation who are admitted free to any place for the performance of special duties in connection with an event and whose special duties are the sole reason for their presence and given free admission, are not liable for any tax on admission. free admissions granted to such persons who are not admitted solely for the purpose of performing their special duties in connection with the event are subject to the tax equivalent to the tax on the admission charge paid by other persons for the same or similar accommodations. 12 3. the tax imposed upon such free or reduced admissions shall be paid and collected at the time such persons are admitted. in the event that tickets or cards of admission to the particular performance are not issued but admission is secured by the presentation of a life, annual, season, weekly, or daily pass, the