ilege of engaging in an amusement. (ord. 15- 1979, eff. 5-29-79) performing arts – artistic performances of live concerts, dance, ballet, opera, traditional forms of drama, including both comedy and tragedy, repertoire works and dramatic recitation of recognized works of literary art of the kind and in the nature normally associated with traditional and contemporary american theater. movies and re- broadcast events are not considered performing arts because the event is not live. person - a corporation, partnership, business trust, association, estate, trust, foundation or natural person.

whenever used in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty the word “person” as applied to partnerships, shall mean the partners thereof, and as applied to corporations and unincorporated associations, shall mean the officers thereof. place of amusement – any place indoors or outdoors within the city where the general public or a limited or selected number thereof may, upon payment of an established price, attend or engage in any amusement as herein defined, including among others, theaters, opera houses, moving picture houses, amusement parks, skating rinks, circus or carnival tents or grounds, fairgrounds, social sporting, athletic riding, gun and country clubs, golf courses bathing and swimming places, dance halls, tennis courts, rifle or shotgun ranges, roof gardens, cabarets, night clubs, bars, breweries, restaurants and other like places. (ord. 11-1980, eff. 7-25-80). to be an amusement, the amusement must be offered to patrons at a place of amusement. the location does not have to be owned or licensed to the producer to be a place of amusement. the common phrases used to describe an amusement and a place of 6 amusement change over time, but that change in common parlance does not affect the taxability of the amusement. specifically included within the term of “places of amusement” are: cabarets, night clubs, roof gardens, lounges, entertainment stages, music or dancing halls, ball rooms, or other locations offering food or beverages or merchandise along with entertainment or recreation, as well as other locations that were taxable under section 4231 of the us internal revenue code of 1954 (ignoring any exemptions or exclusions offered under that federal statute) as it was in effect immediately prior to its repeal by public law 89- 44 in 1965. producer – any person conducting any place of amusement, as herein defined, where the general public or a limited or sele