conducting any place of amusement, as herein defined, where the general public or a limited or selected number thereof, may, upon the payment of an established price, attend or engage in any amusement. responsible person – any natural person: (i) who has check signing authority or control over financial accounts of the producer; (ii) who has powers or job duties that include the collection or remittance of the amusement tax; (iii) who has the power to make decisions regarding which, when, and in what order outstanding debts and taxes will be paid; and (iv) who willfully fails to remit the proper amusement tax to the city. any such person who decides that the producer will pay another party ahead of the city, while the amusement tax has not been timely remitted, is presumed to have acted willfully. any such person who has a nominal title of officer or director or manager or member, but is actually a passive investor or official having no involvement in the management of the producer shall not be a responsible person. generally officers or managers of an incorporated producer or managers, directors, officers, or sole owners of an unincorporated producer are potentially responsible persons. any responsible person shall have the right to appeal an assessment under article vi. taxpayer – because the tax is imposed on the patron, the patron is the taxpayer. the producer is merely the collection agent for the city. temporary amusement – any amusement that is conducted in the city for a period of time not exceeding thirty (30) days. (ord.15-1979, eff. 5-29-79) treasurer – references to the treasurer in these regulations refer to the director of finance or the department of finance. the director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in the city of pittsburgh. the deputy director of finance or the department of finance serves as city treasurer. section 102 – amusement tax permit 1. per city code title seven, article ix, chapter 771, in addition to the collection and payment of the amusement tax, every producer must secure an amusement tax permit from the license officer prior to the event. the fee varies according to the location and type of event being held. no producer shall begin or continue to conduct any form of amusement at any permanent or temporary place of amusement, or any itinerant form of amusement within the city, unless an amusement permit has been issued, the fees paid therefore as prescribed by law and the tax herein imposed paid in