to engage in an amusement. b. general rate – a tax is imposed by chapter 241 upon the patron of any amusement for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement at the rate of five (5%) percent of the established price charged the general public or a limited or selected group thereof, by any producer for the privilege, which shall be paid by the person acquiring the privilege for any given calendar year. c. rate for exempt performing arts productions – the rate of tax that must be collected on exempt performing arts productions is zero. if it is ever determined that the city of pittsburgh cannot impose and collect a non-resident sports facility usage fee pursuant to the local tax enabling act, the city of pittsburgh will not establish a rate that exceeds five per centum (5%). refer to the tax rate by tax type on the web site at www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/finance. second class code, 16 p.s. § 6171-b(a)(3). tax computations for free admissions – if persons are admitted free to any place of amusement at a time and under circumstances for which an established price is charged to other persons, the tax imposed herein shall be computed on the established price charged to other persons for the same or similar accommodations, to be paid by the person so admitted. if persons are admitted at a reduced rate, the tax imposed shall be computed on the reduced rate paid. however, children under twelve (12) years of age, disabled veterans and members of the armed services when on active duty and in uniform, who are admitted free of charge to any place of amusement, shall not be required to pay the tax imposed by this chapter. d. tax on boxes or other seating – for persons having the permanent use or lease of boxes or seats in any place of amusement, the tax imposed shall be computed on the price or rental charged for boxes or seats in the place of 11 amusement, the tax to be paid by the holder or lessee. (am. ord. 33-1994, eff. 1-1- 95) e. roof gardens, night clubs, cabarets, bars, breweries, restaurants 1. where any amusement (entertainment) is conducted at a place where food and drink are served and there is no fixed charge for admission, the amusement tax will be based on 10% of the total amount paid for food and drink. for example, if a check for food and drink by a party of four amounts to $80.00, the admission charge is 10% of the total check, or $8.00. $8.00 admission charge x 5% = $ .40 amusement tax. 2. if a cover is required, such charge shall be conside