ties of treasurer (director) a. it shall be the duty of the treasurer to collect and receive the taxes, fines, and penalties imposed by the city code, title two, article vii, chapter 241. it shall also be the duty of the treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt. b. the treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the city code, and is empowered to prescribe, adopt, promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the city code, including provisions for the reexamination and corrections of declarations and returns, and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect, or as to which an overpayment is claimed or found to have occurred, and to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of the city code. c. the treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer or producer. section 402 – examination of books and records of producers a. agents designated by the treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books, papers and records of any producer or supposed producer, in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return, or if no declaration or return was filed, to ascertain the tax due. every producer or supposed producer, is hereby directed and required to give to the treasurer, or to any agent designated by him/her, the means, facilities and opportunity for such examinations and investigations, as are hereby authorized. b. if records are not available in the city of pittsburgh to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed, the producer will be required to make them available to the treasurer either by producing them in a city of pittsburgh location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept. c. any information gained by the treasurer, by designated agents, or by any other official or agent of the city of pittsburgh, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, hearings or verifications required or authorized by the city code, shall be confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order, or as otherwise provided by law. section 403 – records to be kept by the producer producers who collect the amusement tax are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such recor