s for recovery of unpaid taxes the treasurer may sue in the name of the city of pittsburgh, in law or in equity, for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the amusement tax, to compel the production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the law. such suits may also be brought against responsible persons. section 503 - limitations a. the following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes. 1. when a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later. where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes. 2. in the case of a deficiency assessment, suit shall be filed within three (3) years after the assessment has been made. b. the limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases: 1. when no return was filed, there is no limitation. 2. when the return is fraudulent, there is no limitation. 20 3. when there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty-five (25%) or more, and not due to fraud, suit must be begun within six (6) years. c. a return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date. section 504 – penalty and interest a. producers must collect the tax imposed herein and shall be liable to the city of pittsburgh for the payment of the tax. if, however, any producer shall fail to make any report and payment as herein required a penalty at the rate of five (5%) percent per month for each month or a fraction of a whole month on the amount of tax and interest of one (1%) percent per month for each month or fraction of a whole month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax. in no event shall the interest rate assessed exceed the maximum rate allowed by the municipal claims and tax liens act, 53 p.s. 7143, or applicable law. b. there is no limit, or cut off point, for applying penalty and interest c. penalty and interest on deficiency assessment. d. on any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment, penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment. penalty and interest is calculated as described above in the applicable portion of section 504 (a). e. where suit is brought for