o keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date whichever is later in order to enable the treasurer or any agent designated by him/her to verify the correctness 18 of the declarations or returns filed. section 404 – audits if, as a result of an examination conducted by the treasurer, a return is found to be incorrect, the treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the amusement tax. if no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due, the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the producer. deficiency assessments (i.e., where producer has filed a return but is found to owe additional tax) shall include taxes for up to three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed. where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to the period of assessment. 19 article v suits for tax collections, violations, fines, interest & penalties section 501 – remedies not mutually exclusive the remedies provided in section 502 or section 505 are not mutually exclusive. the utilization by the treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other. moreover, use of either or both of the remedies provided in these sections does not preclude the use by the city of pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the producer with the provisions of chapter 241 of the pittsburgh code and these regulations. once it has been determined that that a producer owes a tax, the treasurer will take all actions legally permitted to enforce its claim. such action may include

obtaining additional information, auditing producer records, entering into a settlement of the disputed amount of the tax, or obtaining liens on the producer’s property, wage attachments, levies, and seizures and sales of the taxpayer’s property in appropriate circumstances. the treasurer may enter into a written agreement with the producer for payment of the tax in installments if the treasurer believes that such an agreement will facilitate collection. the treasurer may also impose interest and applicable penalties on the tax due, and may seek criminal charges in appropriate circumstances. section 502 – suits for recovery of unpaid taxes the treasurer may sue in the name of the city of pittsburgh, in law o