ement. the place of amusement shall begin a new cash register tape that will end when the place of amusement ends. if the place of amusement does not do this it will pay on the 24 hour period of the day that the amusement occurred. once the total sales have been calculated from the place of amusement, the admission charge equals the amount paid for food and drink times ten percent. the imputed amusement tax equals the admission charge times five percent. 15 the amount paid for food and drink x 10% = the admission charge the admission charge x 5% = the imputed amusement tax records to be kept shall include part of each serial numbered ticket used at each place of amusement issued to each patron and copies of all leases or contracts or agreements supporting the transactions for permanent use of boxes or seats in any place of amusement. section 303 - ticket labeling a. delineating the amusement tax – for each admission subject to the collection of a tax pursuant to the provisions of chapter 241, the producer shall cause to be printed clearly on the face of any ticket, receipt or any other token purchased by a patron for the purpose of admission to an amusement the following information: 1. the established price of admission; 2. the amount of amusement tax due on line 1; and 3. the sum of lines 1 and 2. b. signs – every place of amusement must maintain, conspicuously posted at the entrance, and near the box-office a place at which the established price is paid, one (1) or more signs accurately stating: 1. the established price of admission; 2. the amount of amusement tax due on line 1; and 3. the sum total of the established price and the tax. failure to comply – in the event that a producer fails to comply with the ticketing and labeling provisions of section 241.07(a) the producer shall be subject to the suspension and/or revocation of his amusement permit pursuant to section 241.03(c) of the pittsburgh code. (ord. 34-1994, eff. 12-30-94). the failure to comply with the ticketing and labeling provisions will not excuse the producer from timely remitting the deemed collected amusement tax. section 304 – amusement tax questions and answers q. – are admissions to a movie theater not taxed if provided by an institution of purely public charity? is a movie theater considered a performing art? a. – no. admissions to a movie theater are not considered a performing art because it is not a live performance, and nor would they be considered an exempt performing arts p