the expenses and the net proceeds benefit the nonprofit organization are exempt amusements. exempt performing arts productions shall not be subject to the amusement tax, except as otherwise provided. d. while the tax is imposed on the admission fee charged to patrons, the producers of the activity are responsible for collecting the tax, filing the tax returns and remitting the tax to the city of pittsburgh. to this end, producers shall file monthly reports with the city treasurer on or before the fifteenth day of the following month, reporting the preceding month on forms provided by the treasurer (pittsburgh code 241.05). if any producer neglects or fails to comply a penalty of five (5) percent of the amount of tax will be added to the liability each month. the interest rate for late payments will be one (1%) per month (pittsburgh code 241.05). e. producers of temporary places of amusement shall file reports after each performance (pittsburgh code 241.05(e). an amusement permit is required prior to beginning or conducting any form of amusement at any place, temporary or permanent. 10 section 202 – who must file a return – registration a. the city code, title two, article vii, chapter 241 imposes a tax on the admissions to any place of amusement. the producer is responsible to collect the amusement tax and remit it to the city of pittsburgh. b. every producer of amusement that begins or intends to begin a place of amusement, shall file with the treasurer, before commencing the place of amusement a completed registration form prescribed by the treasurer and shall set forth therein its name, address, business location, the amusement, a record of tickets, leases, and contracts that are to be used and a specimen copy of each and any other information as may be required by the treasurer. c. performing arts registration – if a producer is claiming to be a performing art for which the net proceeds therefrom inure exclusively to the benefit of an institution of purely public charity it shall complete a performing arts registration form and attach all required information. (see definition of performing arts and section 203(c), rate for certain performing arts before completing the registration). section 203 – rate a. the amusement tax is a patron tax on the established price of an admissions charge for any type of event that offers entertainment or allows the patron to engage in an amusement. b. general rate – a tax is imposed by chapter 241 upon the patron of any