lated as described above in the applicable portion of section 504 (a). e. where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax, the person liable therefore shall, in addition, be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein imposed. once due and owing, penalty and interest become part of the tax and shall be collected as such. a person’s belief that no tax is due and owing, or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the city code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation. good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty. section 505 – fines and penalties for violation of applicable provisions of title two, pittsburgh code a. violations – no person shall: 1. fail, neglect, or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under the city code. 2. refuse to permit the treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books, records or accounts of any business, taxable or otherwise, to determine liability. 3. make any incomplete, false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax due to avoid payment in whole or in part, of the amusement tax. 4. divulge information, which is confidential under chapter 201.06 of the city code. 5. fail to make any payment when it is due. 21 b. in addition to any other penalties or enforcement proceedings provided for by ordinance for the collection and enforcement of taxes: 1. any person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the treasurer or his/her agent in person with the employer’s books, records or accounts for examination when required under the provisions of title two of the city code to do so, or who willfully refuses to permit inspection of the books, records or accounts of any amusement in the person’s custody or control when the right to make such inspection by the treasurer or his/her agent is requested, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall, upon conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six months, or both. 2. the fines and terms of imprisonment, imposed under this section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the city of pittsburgh of a monetary nature under the provisions of this article. 3. each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine may be imposed. sectio