easurer’s hearing within a timely manner, waives the right to contest any element of the assessment, and that party’s failure to challenge the treasurer’s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the assessment. b. the written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum: 1. the petitioner’s name, address, and daytime telephone number. 2. the petitioner’s account and/or social security number. 3. a copy of the assessment notice the party received from the finance department. 4. a detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the petitioner disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the petitioner’s claims. 5. petitioner’s signature. c. the completed petition should be mailed to: treasurer hearings treasurer – city of pittsburgh 414 grant st pittsburgh pa 15219-2476 d. any taxpayer, producer, or responsible person may request a treasurer’s hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed. e. the treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 pa.c.s. § 8428. f. the treasurer will issue its decision within 60 days of the receipt of the petitioner’s complete and accurate petition form. 23 section 602 – appeals any person aggrieved by the decision of the treasurer, following a hearing, shall have the right to make an appeal to the court of common pleas of allegheny county, in accordance with the taxpayer’s bill of rights act. 53 pa.c.s. § 8434. any appeal must be commenced within thirty (30) days of the date of the notice of the treasurer’s decision. if no such appeal is timely filed, the aggrieved party waives his/her right to contest any element of the treasurer’s adjudication, and that party’s failure to challenge the same will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the treasurer’s decision. no hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid. section 603 – payment under protest the treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals; however, any request for refund of such monies must be filed in accordance with section 604. section 604 – refunds a. a producer or responsible person who has overpaid the amusement tax, or who believes he/she is not obligated to remit the amusement tax may file a written request on an amended tax return (at) with the department of finance for a refund or a