rn for other than tangible property, or specific personal professional services. the term amusement includes admission fees paid to access places of entertainment, exhibition, or amusement or to a sporting event or show. the term amusement specifically includes trade shows, exhibitions, builder or homes shows, equipment shows, craft shows, and tasting events. the term amusement does not include any exempt amusement or any amusement located outside the city limits. in the case of an amusement that is mobile or located outdoors, an amusement is located in the city limits if the event either begins or ends within the city limits. by way of example, but not intended as comprehensive definition of amusement, a restaurant, bar, tavern, pub, lounge, motel, or hotel is not a place of amusement if it merely offers incidental recorded music or tv broadcasts to patrons. a restaurant, bar, tavern, pub, lounge, motel, or hotel is a place of amusement if it offers entertainment such as music, dance, performing arts, sing-alongs, or comedy routines, or restricted sporting events not available on broadcast tv, such as title boxing matches, to patrons. established price - regular monetary charge of any character, including donations and contributions, fixed and exacted or in any manner received by producers, as herein defined, from the general public or a limited or selected number thereof, directly or indirectly, for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement, provided that; 1. when amusement is conducted in any roof garden, night club, cabaret, bar, brewery, restaurant or other place where the charge for admission, wholly or in part, is included in the price paid for refreshment, service or merchandise, the amount paid for admission to the amusement shall be deemed to be ten (10%) percent of the amount paid for refreshment, service and merchandise; 2. when amusement is conducted at a social club or fraternal organization which also furnishes entertainment for which a separate charge is not made, the established price shall be fifty (50%) percent of the gross receipts; 4 3. where admission to any amusement sponsored by an institution of purely public charity is obtained, solely or partly by donation, contribution and other charge, if members of the general public are admitted and the amusement is not an exempt amusement, the established price for amusement for purposes of the tax shall be twenty-five (25%) percent of the total donation, contribution and other