amusement permit, he or she shall notify the permittee immediately and afford him or her a hearing if desired. after the hearing and for good cause, the treasurer may either rescind or continue the order of suspension and revoke the permit. 8 section 103 – permit application, issuance and use 1. applications – every producer desiring to begin or continue to conduct any amusement within the city shall file an application for a permanent, temporary or itinerant amusement permit with the bureau of building inspection. 2. format – every application for a permit shall be made upon a form prescribed, prepared and furnished by the city, and shall set forth the name under which the applicant conducts or intends to conduct a permanent or temporary place of amusement. permit application – applications must be filed at least thirty (30) days prior to any activity with necessary information in order to ensure timely issuance. anyone who conducts a place of amusement or is a producer of amusements shall obtain a license from the bureau of building inspections at: bureau of building inspection - city licensing and permits office 200 ross st room 320 – pittsburgh pa 15219 412-255-2175 www.city.pittsburgh.pa.us/bbi 9 article ii computation of tax section 201 – general requirements a. the amusement tax is imposed upon the patron of any amusement for the privilege of attending or engaging in any amusement at a rate of five (5%) percent of admission fees (pittsburgh code § 241.04). the tax rate on amusements shall not exceed the rate allowed under the second class code, 16 p.s. § 6171-b(a)(3). b. the amusement activities taxed include all forms of entertainment – such as sports events, music concerts and movies – and recreational activities – such as tennis, golf, and swimming. however, exempt amusements shall not be subject to tax. c. special rules apply to events or affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations when members of the general public are admitted. where admission is obtained to any amusement solely or partly by a donation, contribution and other monetary charge, the established price for amusement for purposes of the tax shall be twenty-five (25%) percent of the total donation, contribution and other monetary charge. events or affairs sponsored by nonprofit organizations only for members and their guests at which the admission charges or contribution approximate the expenses and the net proceeds benefit the nonprofit organization are exempt amusements. exempt p