le a written request on an amended tax return (at) with the department of finance for a refund or a credit of the tax. a request for refund or a credit shall be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the report or one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. if no report is required, the request shall be made within three (3) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. b. for amounts paid as a result of a notice asserting or informing a producer or responsible person of an underpayment, a written request for a refund shall be filed with the department of finance within one (1) year of the date of the payment. c. patrons who believe that they are owed a refund because they overpaid the amusement tax, shall first approach the producer for a refund because the producer has the best knowledge of the facts surrounding the amusement. the producer shall have sixty days to review the refund request and grant or deny the refund in writing. if a patron still believes he is owed a refund, after the producer has issued a written refusal, he may file a written request for refund with the department of finance. such written request shall include the name and address of the patron, the name and address of the producer, the date or dates of the amusement, a copy of any ticket or receipt issued by the producer, a short summary of the reasons why the patron believes the tax was overpaid, a copy of the written rejection from the producer, a calculation of the overpaid amusement tax, and a calculation of the correct amusement tax due and a calculation of the amount that should be refunded. only refund claims submitted within the timelines of section 604(a) shall be eligible for refund. d. no refund shall be allowed to the producer unless the producer provides proof to the department of finance that the amusement tax was refunded to the patron, unless the producer provides proof to the department of finance that no patron overpaid the 24 tax and the refund is due to a computational error made by the producer in preparing the return. e. erroneous refund recovery – the treasurer may sue for recovery of an erroneous refund provided such suit is begun two years after making such refund, except that the suit may be brought within five years if any part of the refund was induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact. section 605 – installment payment plan for