t is just around the corner, and we're more than ready to welcome thousands of football fans to the celebration. if you want to attend the draft in style, head to the countdown clock on the north shore and snap your photos and videos to be entered to win a vip 2026 nfl draft vip bundle, complete with merch, exclusive events, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore pittsburgh beyond the draft. click here to learn how to enter. clock in for a chance to win a vip 2026 nfl draft bundle! the 2026 nfl draft is just around the corner, and we're more than ready to welcome thousands of football fans to the celebration. if you want to attend the draft in style, head to the countdown clock on the north shore and snap your photos and videos to be entered to win a vip 2026 nfl draft vip bundle, complete with merch, exclusive events, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore pittsburgh beyond the draft. click here to learn how to enter. the 2026 nfl draft is just around the corner, and we're more than ready to welcome thousands of football fans to the celebration. if you want to attend the draft in style, head to the countdown clock on the north shore and snap your photos and videos to be entered to win a vip 2026 nfl draft vip bundle, complete with merch, exclusive events, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore pittsburgh beyond the draft. click here to learn how to enter. the pick is in! pittsburgh will host the nfl draft in 2026. partnered with the pittsburgh steelers, pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the nfl draft… learn more lonely planet’s 2025 global best in travel pittsburgh was featured on the top 10 cities list, the only u.s. city selected! find out more! celebrate america’s 250th america's 250th marks the 250th anniversary of the signing of the declaration of independence on… learn more the pick is in! pittsburgh will host the nfl draft in 2026. partnered with the pittsburgh steelers, pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the nfl draft… learn more lonely planet’s 2025 global best in travel pittsburgh was featured on the top 10 cities list, the only u.s. city selected! find out more! celebrate america’s 250th america's 250th marks the 250th anniversary of the signing of the declaration of independence on… learn more the pick is in! pittsburgh will host the nfl draft in 2026. partnered with the pittsburgh steelers, pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the nfl draft… learn more lonely planet’s 2025 gl