p for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to while the pickings are still fresh. pittsburgh will surprise you kick off your spooky season with pumpkin spice and everything nice in our city of multitudes fall is finally here and in full swing. enjoy pittsburgh's plethora of fall festivals, visit a local coffee shop for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to while the pickings are still fresh. pittsburgh will surprise you kick off your spooky season with pumpkin spice and everything nice in our city of multitudes fall is finally here and in full swing. enjoy pittsburgh's plethora of fall festivals, visit a local coffee shop for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to while the pickings are still fresh. kick off your spooky season with pumpkin spice and everything nice in our city of multitudes fall is finally here and in full swing. enjoy pittsburgh's plethora of fall festivals, visit a local coffee shop for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to while the pickings are still fresh. fall is finally here and in full swing. enjoy pittsburgh's plethora of fall festivals, visit a local coffee shop for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to while the pickings are still fresh. get ready for an unforgettable october in the city! it's the start of spooky season, and pittsburgh has all you need to get in the halloween spirit. the city is packed with festive activities for the whole family to enjoy! head south to kennywood for this year's phantom fall fest, where you can do halloween your way. in the daytime, family-friendly fun takes center stage, but at night, the phantom takes screams to the extreme with six haunted houses and four scare zones. the pittsburgh zoo and aquarium will be decorated with thousands of artistically hand-carved pumpkins for this year's jack o'lantern extravaganza. and the fun doesn't end there! check out our fall festivals page for more of what's happening throughout the city this month. and the steelers season is in full swing down at acrisure stadium. while you're at the stadium, head to the great lawn and snap a photo with the official 2026 nfl draft countdown clock for a chance to win a vip experience at the draft (see details below on how to enter). if you're not a football fan, the pittsburgh penguins slide into their season on october 7. so, wh