orts event attendee sports event attendee power of sports economy power of sports economy weddings & reunions weddings & reunions media media partners partners discover your persona pittsburgh will surprise you kick off your spooky season with pumpkin spice and everything nice in our city of multitudes fall is finally here and in full swing. enjoy pittsburgh's plethora of fall festivals, visit a local coffee shop for some pumpkin spice beverages, and head to a pumpkin patch or apple orchard to while the pickings are still fresh. get ready for an unforgettable october in the city! it's the start of spooky season, and pittsburgh has all you need to get in the halloween spirit. the city is packed with festive activities for the whole family to enjoy! head south to kennywood for this year's phantom fall fest, where you can do halloween your way. in the daytime, family-friendly fun takes center stage, but at night, the phantom takes screams to the extreme with six haunted houses and four scare zones. the pittsburgh zoo and aquarium will be decorated with thousands of artistically hand-carved pumpkins for this year's jack o'lantern extravaganza. and the fun doesn't end there! check out our fall festivals page for more of what's happening throughout the city this month. and the steelers season is in full swing down at acrisure stadium. while you're at the stadium, head to the great lawn and snap a photo with the official 2026 nfl draft countdown clock for a chance to win a vip experience at the draft (see details below on how to enter). if you're not a football fan, the pittsburgh penguins slide into their season on october 7. so, whether you’re a local or just visiting, october is packed with exciting events and things to do in pittsburgh. don’t miss out on fall in the city! clock in for a chance to win a vip 2026 nfl draft bundle! the 2026 nfl draft is just around the corner, and we're more than ready to welcome thousands of football fans to the celebration. if you want to attend the draft in style, head to the countdown clock on the north shore and snap your photos and videos to be entered to win a vip 2026 nfl draft vip bundle, complete with merch, exclusive events, and leisure tickets designed to help you explore pittsburgh beyond the draft. click here to learn how to enter. the pick is in! pittsburgh will host the nfl draft in 2026. partnered with the pittsburgh steelers, pittsburgh has officially been selected to host the nfl draft… learn more lonely plane