orts event attendee sports event attendee power of sports economy power of sports economy weddings & reunions weddings & reunions media media partners partners discover your persona tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess. get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway, there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. please enable javascript to show the partner listings listings. related blog posts how to ride the pittsburgh inclines inclines, commonly known as funiculars railways, can be found all over the world and throughout history. details tour the ​‘burgh here are a few unique ways to get a great sense of the city. details 6 must-see places in pittsburgh add a visit these must-see places to your next pittsburgh adventure! details top free things to do in pittsburgh ​who said you have to spend money to have a good time? details pittsburgh walking tours walk, tour, eat and explore details monuments, memorials & sculptures | a north shore walking tour monuments, memorials, sculptures and history along the river front details 25 famous pittsburgh bridges learn more tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess. get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway, there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess. get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike