t on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway, there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess. get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper

or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway, there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess. get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway, there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess. get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway, there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. tours & sightseeing ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure to have the sightseeing option for you. by land or water, on four wheels or two, tour and experience pittsburgh first hand. tag along with knowledgeable guides for free walking tours of downtown, or take food tour to sample pittsburgh's authentic culinary prowess. get out on the water aboard the gateway clipper or the rivers of steel riverboat. keep active with a bike tour or keep it interesting on a segway, there's something incredible to see in pittsburgh, no matter how you get there. ​however you like to roll, pittsburgh is sure