orts event attendee sports event attendee power of sports economy power of sports economy weddings & reunions weddings & reunions media media partners partners discover your persona events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. your trip to pittsburgh starts here check out annual events, spring flings, musical performances, concerts, visual arts and family-friendly festivals. plan your getaway around your favorite event or time of year. annual events the signature events that make pittsburgh a destination every year learn more please enable javascript to show the event listings listings. submit your event share your event with us learn more events this week in pittsburgh what's happening in pittsburgh this week, you ask? learn more top beer festivals in pittsburgh cheers to this amazing lineup of pittsburgh beer festivals 🍻 learn more food festivals food and fun just go together and, in pittsburgh, food is often the reason for the… learn more film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals… learn more pittsburgh music festivals to jam to pittsburgh hosts a number of fantastic music festivals throughout the year. make plans to catch a… learn more events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. your trip to pittsburgh starts here check out annual events, spring flings, musical performances, concerts, visual arts and family-friendly festivals. plan your getaway around your favorite event or time of year. events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. your trip to pittsburgh starts here check out annual events, spring flings, musical performances, concerts, visual arts and family-friendly festivals. plan your getaway around your favorite event or time of year. events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. your trip to pittsburgh starts here check out annual events, spring flings, musical performances, concerts, visual arts and family-friendly festivals. plan your getaway around your favorite event or time of year. events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. your trip to pittsburgh starts here check out annual events, spring flings, musical performances, concerts, visual arts and family-friendly festivals. plan your getaway around your favorite event or time of year. events & festivals ​there's always something happening in pittsburgh. your trip to pittsburgh st