modations and so much more, but it’s pittsburgh experiences that make it ideal for your next meeting. pictured |green roof at the david l. lawrence convention center make plans to meet in pittsburgh discover pittsburgh venues, experiences and activities that will make your event a success. pittsburgh is a major meetings destination, and we have what you need to make your event successful. of course, the city boasts breathtaking skyline views, award-winning restaurants, a thriving arts and culture scene, fantastic hotel accommodations and so much more, but it’s pittsburgh experiences that make it ideal for your next meeting. discover pittsburgh venues, experiences and activities that will make your event a success. pittsburgh is a major meetings destination, and we have what you need to make your event successful. of course, the city boasts breathtaking skyline views, award-winning restaurants, a thriving arts and culture scene, fantastic hotel accommodations and so much more, but it’s pittsburgh experiences that make it ideal for your next meeting. pittsburgh is a major meetings destination, and we have what you need to make your event successful. of course, the city boasts breathtaking skyline views, award-winning restaurants, a thriving arts and culture scene, fantastic hotel accommodations and so much more, but it’s pittsburgh experiences that make it ideal for your next meeting. pictured |green roof at the david l. lawrence convention center pictured |green roof at the david l. lawrence convention center pictured |green roof at the david l. lawrence convention center pictured | green roof at the david l. lawrence convention center the perfect fit pittsburgh offers a fantastic selection of unique venues to host your next event. from the david l. lawrence convention center and our world-class hotels, to our exceptional outdoor offerings like the gateway clipper fleet and the frick pittsburgh and more, the perfect fit for your next event is in pittsburgh. from initial inquiries to follow up, and everything in between, pittsburgh's business events team is here to help. reach out to our team of experts for the support you need to plan a meeting you’ll never forget. when you’re ready to meet, we will be prepared and excited to show you the safe way to gather in welcoming, friendly pittsburgh. the perfect fit pittsburgh offers a fantastic selection of unique venues to host your next event. from the david l. lawrence convention center and our world-class hotel