trades and crafts that would enhance their careers, lives and communities.the carnegie technical schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a college for women, margaret morrison carnegie college. cmu's origin 1900: initial funding for carnegie technical schools in 1900, andrew carnegie donated $1 million to the city of pittsburgh, envisioning a school where working-class men and women of pittsburgh could learn practical skills, trades and crafts that would enhance their careers, lives and communities.the carnegie technical schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a college for women, margaret morrison carnegie college. cmu's origin 1900: initial funding for carnegie technical schools in 1900, andrew carnegie donated $1 million to the city of pittsburgh, envisioning a school where working-class men and women of pittsburgh could learn practical skills, trades and crafts that would enhance their careers, lives and communities. the carnegie technical schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a college for women, margaret morrison carnegie college. initial number of students the first carnegie technical schools class was admitted in 1906. initial number of students the first carnegie technical schools class was admitted in 1906. initial number of students the first carnegie technical schools class was admitted in 1906. degrees introduced 1912: carnegie tech grants bachelor's degrees soon faced with the demand for baccalaureate programs, carnegie technical schools changed its name to the carnegie institute of technology, or "carnegie tech", and began offering bachelor's degrees through its college of engineering and college of fine arts.carnegie tech set the groundwork for a research institution, recruiting leading scientists, offering sponsored fellowships with government and industry leaders and pioneering nontraditional interdisciplinary research, which brought together physicists, chemists and metallurgists, for example. interdisciplinary research would become the hallmark of carnegie mellon research. in 1919, the first doctorate (in civil engineering) was awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama degree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. degrees introduced 1912: carnegie tech grants bachelor's