tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an elegant 20th-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, studios and laboratories — the hands-on center of learning that persists today.carnegie died in 1919, but his vision for an educated public lived on after him. humanities requirement % of curriculum with the goal of understanding societal needs, the carnegie plan began in 1938. science and engineering students were now required to take humanities and social sciences courses. post-war growth: opening three new schools with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. 1948 the graduate school of industrial administration, later renamed the david a. tepper school of business, focused on quantitative analysis and pioneering the field of management science. 1968 the school of urban and public affairs, later renamed the h. john heinz iii college, provided graduate training for work in the public sector. 1986 the school of computer science pioneered computing and artificial intelligence, led by interdisciplinary efforts of allen newell and herbert simon. 1967 - present the cmu of today in 1967, carnegie tech merged with the mellon institute, a science research center founded by the mellon family of pittsburgh, to become known as carnegie mellon university.this support from the mellons allowed carnegie mellon to establish the last of its current pillars: the mellon college of science and the college of humanities and social sciences, now known as the marianna brown dietrich college of humanities and social sciences.in 2017, carnegie mellon celebrated the 50th anniversary of the carnegie tech–mellon institute merger, revisiting the shared vision of the founders and recognizing the impact it has had, and will continue to have, in the world of higher education, research and discovery. 2025 student count cmu's global leadership in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it contin