ities and social sciences courses. post-war growth: opening three new schools with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. 1948 the graduate school of industrial administration, later renamed the david a. tepper school of business, focused on quantitative analysis and pioneering the field of management science. 1968 the school of urban and public affairs, later renamed the h. john heinz iii college, provided graduate training for work in the public sector. 1986 the school of computer science pioneered computing and artificial intelligence, led by interdisciplinary efforts of allen newell and herbert simon. 1967 - present the cmu of today in 1967, carnegie tech merged with the mellon institute, a science research center founded by the mellon family of pittsburgh, to become known as carnegie mellon university.this support from the mellons allowed carnegie mellon to establish the last of its current pillars: the mellon college of science and the college of humanities and social sciences, now known as the marianna brown dietrich college of humanities and social sciences.in 2017, carnegie mellon celebrated the 50th anniversary of the carnegie tech–mellon institute merger, revisiting the shared vision of the founders and recognizing the impact it has had, and will continue to have, in the world of higher education, research and discovery. 2025 student count cmu's global leadership in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it continues to be known for innovation, for solving real-world problems and for interdisciplinary collaboration. its alumni can be found across the globe — from tony award winners to nobel prize and turing award winners, from ceos to entrepreneurs, from professors to artists. in the 2000s, in response to demand for expanded international educational opportunities, carnegie mellon began offering degree programs outside of pittsburgh. today its global presence includes campuses in qatar and silicon valley, calif., more than a dozen degree-granting location