ce includes campuses in qatar and silicon valley, calif., more than a dozen degree-granting locations, and more than 20 research partnerships in cities and countries such as los angeles, new york city, washington, d.c., china, portugal and rwanda. 2002 carnegie mellon established a branch campus in silicon valley, the epicenter of the modern technological revolution. 2004 carnegie university in qatar (cmu-q) opened its doors with 41 students, offering programs in business administration and computer science. 2011 carnegie mellon university and the government of rwanda signed an agreement to establish cmu-africa. this partnership was designed to respond to the critical shortage of high-quality engineering talent required to harness africa's tremendous potential as home to the fastest-growing workforce in the world. expanding into the future cmu is positioned like never before to meet the challenges of the 21st century. in the coming years, the university will see the largest expansion to the pittsburgh campus since 1900.at the intersection of technology and humanity, cmu will focus on advancing the individual student experience, the broader carnegie mellon community experience, and the social impact of carnegie mellon throughout the world. explore our strategic framework 2025 history founder spotlight a self-educated "working boy," andrew carnegie emigrated from scotland in 1848 and settled in pittsburgh, pa. attending night school and borrowing books, carnegie went from factory worker in a textile mill to successful entrepreneur and industrialist. he rose to prominence by founding what became the world's largest steel producing company by the end of the 19th century."my heart is in the work," he stated, which would become part of the school's official motto.at one point the richest man in the world, carnegie once said, "to die rich is to die disgraced." he turned his attention to writing, social activism and philanthropy, determined to establish educational opportunities for the general public where few existed. cmu's origin 1900: initial funding for carnegie technical schools in 1900, andrew carnegie donated $1 million to the city of pittsburgh, envisioning a school where working-class men and women of pittsburgh could learn practical skills, trades and crafts that would enhance their careers, lives and communities.the carnegie technical schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a colle