as awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama degree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama degree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama degree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. investment in expansion early 20th century progress during the first half of the 20th century, with support from andrew carnegie and other funders, carnegie tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an elegant 20th-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, studios and laboratories — the hands-on center of learning that persists today.carnegie died in 1919, but his vision for an educated public lived on after him. humanities requirement % of curriculum with the goal of understanding societal needs, the carnegie plan began in 1938. science and engineering students were now required to take humanities and social sciences courses. investment in expansion early 20th century progress during the first half of the 20th century, with support from andrew carnegie and other funders, carnegie tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an elegant 20th-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, studios and laboratories — the hands-on center of learning that persists today.carnegie died in 1919, but his vision for an educated public lived on after him. investment in expansion early 20th century progress during the first half of the 20th century, with support from andrew carnegie and other funders, carnegie tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an elegant 20th-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, studios and laboratories — the hands-on center of learning that persists today.carnegie died in 1919, but his vision for an educated public lived on after him. investment in expansion early 20th century progress during the first half of the 20th century, with support from andrew carnegie and other funders, carnegie tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an elegant 20th-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, s