mellon began offering degree programs outside of pittsburgh. today its global presence includes campuses in qatar and silicon valley, calif., more than a dozen degree-granting locations, and more than 20 research partnerships in cities and countries such as los angeles, new york city, washington, d.c., china, portugal and rwanda. in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it continues to be known for innovation, for solving real-world problems and for interdisciplinary collaboration. its alumni can be found across the globe — from tony award winners to nobel prize and turing award winners, from ceos to entrepreneurs, from professors to artists. in the 2000s, in response to demand for expanded international educational opportunities, carnegie mellon began offering degree programs outside of pittsburgh. today its global presence includes campuses in qatar and silicon valley, calif., more than a dozen degree-granting locations, and more than 20 research partnerships in cities and countries such as los angeles, new york city, washington, d.c., china, portugal and rwanda. in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it continues to be known for innovation, for solving real-world problems and for interdisciplinary collaboration. its alumni can be found across the globe — from tony award winners to nobel prize and turing award winners, from ceos to entrepreneurs, from professors to artists. in the 2000s, in response to demand for expanded international educational opportunities, carnegie mellon began offering degree programs outside of pittsburgh. today its global presence includes campuses in qatar and silicon valley, calif., more than a dozen degree-granting locations, and more than 20 research partnerships in cities and countries such as los angeles, new york city, washington, d.c., china, portugal and rwanda. in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it continues to be known for innovation, for solving real-world problems and for interdisciplinary collaboration. its alumni can be found across the globe — from tony award winners to nobel prize and turing award winners, from ceos to entrepreneurs,