ontinue to have, in the world of higher education, research and discovery. 2025 student count cmu's global leadership in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it continues to be known for innovation, for solving real-world problems and for interdisciplinary collaboration. its alumni can be found across the globe — from tony award winners to nobel prize and turing award winners, from ceos to entrepreneurs, from professors to artists. in the 2000s, in response to demand for expanded international educational opportunities, carnegie mellon began offering degree programs outside of pittsburgh. today its global presence includes campuses in qatar and silicon valley, calif., more than a dozen degree-granting locations, and more than 20 research partnerships in cities and countries such as los angeles, new york city, washington, d.c., china, portugal and rwanda. 2002 carnegie mellon established a branch campus in silicon valley, the epicenter of the modern technological revolution. 2004 carnegie university in qatar (cmu-q) opened its doors with 41 students, offering programs in business administration and computer science. 2011 carnegie mellon university and the government of rwanda signed an agreement to establish cmu-africa. this partnership was designed to respond to the critical shortage of high-quality engineering talent required to harness africa's tremendous potential as home to the fastest-growing workforce in the world. expanding into the future cmu is positioned like never before to meet the challenges of the 21st century. in the coming years, the university will see the largest expansion to the pittsburgh campus since 1900.at the intersection of technology and humanity, cmu will focus on advancing the individual student experience, the broader carnegie mellon community experience, and the social impact of carnegie mellon throughout the world. explore our strategic framework 2025 history history history founder spotlight a self-educated "working boy," andrew carnegie emigrated from scotland in 1848 and settled in pittsburgh, pa. attending night school and borrowing books, carnegie went from factory worker in a textile mill to successful entrepreneur and industrialist. he rose to prominence by founding what became the world's largest steel producing company by the end of the 19th century."my heart is in the work," he stated, which