of fine arts.carnegie tech set the groundwork for a research institution, recruiting leading scientists, offering sponsored fellowships with government and industry leaders and pioneering nontraditional interdisciplinary research, which brought together physicists, chemists and metallurgists, for example. interdisciplinary research would become the hallmark of carnegie mellon research. in 1919, the first doctorate (in civil engineering) was awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama degree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. investment in expansion early 20th century progress during the first half of the 20th century, with support from andrew carnegie and other funders, carnegie tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an elegant 20th-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, studios and laboratories — the hands-on center of learning that persists today.carnegie died in 1919, but his vision for an educated public lived on after him. humanities requirement % of curriculum with the goal of understanding societal needs, the carnegie plan began in 1938. science and engineering students were now required to take humanities and social sciences courses. post-war growth: opening three new schools with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. 1948 the graduate school of industrial administration, later renamed the david a. tepper school of business, focused on quantitative analysis and pioneering the field of management science. 1968 the school of urban and public affairs, later renamed the h. john heinz iii college, provided graduate training for work in the public sector. 1986 the school of computer science pioneered computing and artificial intelligence, led by interdisciplinary efforts of allen newell and herbert simon. 1967 - present the cmu of today in 1967, carnegie tech merged with the mellon institute, a science research center founded by the mellon family of pittsburgh, to become known as carnegie mellon university.this suppo