d, "to die rich is to die disgraced." he turned his attention to writing, social activism and philanthropy, determined to establish educational opportunities for the general public where few existed. cmu's origin 1900: initial funding for carnegie technical schools in 1900, andrew carnegie donated $1 million to the city of pittsburgh, envisioning a school where working-class men and women of pittsburgh could learn practical skills, trades and crafts that would enhance their careers, lives and communities.the carnegie technical schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a college for women, margaret morrison carnegie college. initial number of students the first carnegie technical schools class was admitted in 1906. degrees introduced 1912: carnegie tech grants bachelor's degrees soon faced with the demand for baccalaureate programs, carnegie technical schools changed its name to the carnegie institute of technology, or "carnegie tech", and began offering bachelor's degrees through its college of engineering and college of fine arts.carnegie tech set the groundwork for a research institution, recruiting leading scientists, offering sponsored fellowships with government and industry leaders and pioneering nontraditional interdisciplinary research, which brought together physicists, chemists and metallurgists, for example. interdisciplinary research would become the hallmark of carnegie mellon research. in 1919, the first doctorate (in civil engineering) was awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama degree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. investment in expansion early 20th century progress during the first half of the 20th century, with support from andrew carnegie and other funders, carnegie tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an elegant 20th-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, studios and laboratories — the hands-on center of learning that persists today.carnegie died in 1919, but his vision for an educated public lived on after him. humanities requirement % of curriculum with the goal of understanding societal needs, the carnegie plan began in 1938. science and engineering students were now required to take humanities and social sciences courses. post-war growth: opening three new schools with the end of world