t steel producing company by the end of the 19th century."my heart is in the work," he stated, which would become part of the school's official motto.at one point the richest man in the world, carnegie once said, "to die rich is to die disgraced." he turned his attention to writing, social activism and philanthropy, determined to establish educational opportunities for the general public where few existed. founder spotlight a self-educated "working boy," andrew carnegie emigrated from scotland in 1848 and settled in pittsburgh, pa. attending night school and borrowing books, carnegie went from factory worker in a textile mill to successful entrepreneur and industrialist. he rose to prominence by founding what became the world's largest steel producing company by the end of the 19th century."my heart is in the work," he stated, which would become part of the school's official motto.at one point the richest man in the world, carnegie once said, "to die rich is to die disgraced." he turned his attention to writing, social activism and philanthropy, determined to establish educational opportunities for the general public where few existed. founder spotlight a self-educated "working boy," andrew carnegie emigrated from scotland in 1848 and settled in pittsburgh, pa. attending night school and borrowing books, carnegie went from factory worker in a textile mill to successful entrepreneur and industrialist. he rose to prominence by founding what became the world's largest steel producing company by the end of the 19th century. "my heart is in the work," he stated, which would become part of the school's official motto. at one point the richest man in the world, carnegie once said, "to die rich is to die disgraced." he turned his attention to writing, social activism and philanthropy, determined to establish educational opportunities for the general public where few existed. cmu's origin 1900: initial funding for carnegie technical schools in 1900, andrew carnegie donated $1 million to the city of pittsburgh, envisioning a school where working-class men and women of pittsburgh could learn practical skills, trades and crafts that would enhance their careers, lives and communities.the carnegie technical schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a college for women, margaret morrison carnegie college. initial number of students the first carnegie technical schools class was admitted in 1906. degree