history founder spotlight a self-educated "working boy," andrew carnegie emigrated from scotland in 1848 and settled in pittsburgh, pa. attending night school and borrowing books, carnegie went from factory worker in a textile mill to successful entrepreneur and industrialist. he rose to prominence by founding what became the world's largest steel producing company by the end of the 19th century."my heart is in the work," he stated, which would become part of the school's official motto.at one point the richest man in the world, carnegie once said, "to die rich is to die disgraced." he turned his attention to writing, social activism and philanthropy, determined to establish educational opportunities for the general public where few existed. cmu's origin 1900: initial funding for carnegie technical schools in 1900, andrew carnegie donated $1 million to the city of pittsburgh, envisioning a school where working-class men and women of pittsburgh could learn practical skills, trades and crafts that would enhance their careers, lives and communities.the carnegie technical schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a college for women, margaret morrison carnegie college. initial number of students the first carnegie technical schools class was admitted in 1906. degrees introduced 1912: carnegie tech grants bachelor's degrees soon faced with the demand for baccalaureate programs, carnegie technical schools changed its name to the carnegie institute of technology, or "carnegie tech", and began offering bachelor's degrees through its college of engineering and college of fine arts.carnegie tech set the groundwork for a research institution, recruiting leading scientists, offering sponsored fellowships with government and industry leaders and pioneering nontraditional interdisciplinary research, which brought together physicists, chemists and metallurgists, for example. interdisciplinary research would become the hallmark of carnegie mellon research. in 1919, the first doctorate (in civil engineering) was awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama degree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. investment in expansion early 20th century progress during the first half of the 20th century, with support from andrew carnegie and other funders, carnegie tech laid the foundation for a school on the cutting edge. it expanded from two buildings into an el