unders and recognizing the impact it has had, and will continue to have, in the world of higher education, research and discovery. 1967 - present the cmu of today in 1967, carnegie tech merged with the mellon institute, a science research center founded by the mellon family of pittsburgh, to become known as carnegie mellon university. this support from the mellons allowed carnegie mellon to establish the last of its current pillars: the mellon college of science and the college of humanities and social sciences, now known as the marianna brown dietrich college of humanities and social sciences. in 2017, carnegie mellon celebrated the 50th anniversary of the carnegie tech–mellon institute merger, revisiting the shared vision of the founders and recognizing the impact it has had, and will continue to have, in the world of higher education, research and discovery. 2025 student count 2025 student count 2025 student count cmu's global leadership in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it continues to be known for innovation, for solving real-world problems and for interdisciplinary collaboration. its alumni can be found across the globe — from tony award winners to nobel prize and turing award winners, from ceos to entrepreneurs, from professors to artists. in the 2000s, in response to demand for expanded international educational opportunities, carnegie mellon began offering degree programs outside of pittsburgh. today its global presence includes campuses in qatar and silicon valley, calif., more than a dozen degree-granting locations, and more than 20 research partnerships in cities and countries such as los angeles, new york city, washington, d.c., china, portugal and rwanda. cmu's global leadership in its 115 years, carnegie mellon has soared to national and international leadership in higher education and research. a birthplace of innovation since its founding, it continues to be known for innovation, for solving real-world problems and for interdisciplinary collaboration. its alumni can be found across the globe — from tony award winners to nobel prize and turing award winners, from ceos to entrepreneurs, from professors to artists. in the 2000s, in response to demand for expanded international educational opportunities, carnegie

mellon began offering degree programs outside of pittsburgh. today its global presence includes camp