ip was designed to respond to the critical shortage of high-quality engineering talent required to harness africa's tremendous potential as home to the fastest-growing workforce in the world. 2002 carnegie mellon established a branch campus in silicon valley, the epicenter of the modern technological revolution. 2004 carnegie university in qatar (cmu-q) opened its doors with 41 students, offering programs in business administration and computer science. 2011 carnegie mellon university and the government of rwanda signed an agreement to establish cmu-africa. this partnership was designed to respond to the critical shortage of high-quality engineering talent required to harness africa's tremendous potential as home to the fastest-growing workforce in the world. 2002 carnegie mellon established a branch campus in silicon valley, the epicenter of the modern technological revolution. 2002 carnegie mellon established a branch campus in silicon valley, the epicenter of the modern technological revolution. 2004 carnegie university in qatar (cmu-q) opened its doors with 41 students, offering programs in business administration and computer science. 2004 carnegie university in qatar (cmu-q) opened its doors with 41 students, offering programs in business administration and computer science. 2011 carnegie mellon university and the government of rwanda signed an agreement to establish cmu-africa. this partnership was designed to respond to the critical shortage of high-quality engineering talent required to harness africa's tremendous potential as home to the fastest-growing workforce in the world. 2011 carnegie mellon university and the government of rwanda signed an agreement to establish cmu-africa. this partnership was designed to respond to the critical shortage of high-quality engineering talent required to harness africa's tremendous potential as home to the fastest-growing workforce in the world. expanding into the future cmu is positioned like never before to meet the challenges of the 21st century. in the coming years, the university will see the largest expansion to the pittsburgh campus since 1900.at the intersection of technology and humanity, cmu will focus on advancing the individual student experience, the broader carnegie mellon community experience, and the social impact of carnegie mellon throughout the world. explore our strategic framework 2025 expanding into the future cmu is positioned like never before to meet the challenges of the 21st century