egree was awarded in 1914 at carnegie tech. degrees introduced 1912: carnegie tech grants bachelor's degrees soon faced with the demand for baccalaureate programs, carnegie technical schools changed its name to the carnegie institute of technology, or "carnegie tech", and began offering bachelor's degrees through its college of engineering and college of fine arts.carnegie tech set the groundwork for a research institution, recruiting leading scientists, offering sponsored fellowships with government and industry leaders and pioneering nontraditional interdisciplinary research, which brought together physicists, chemists and metallurgists, for example. interdisciplinary research would become the hallmark of carnegie mellon research. in 1919, the first doctorate (in civil engineering) was awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. degrees introduced 1912: carnegie tech grants bachelor's degrees soon faced with the demand for baccalaureate programs, carnegie technical schools changed its name to the carnegie institute of technology, or "carnegie tech", and began offering bachelor's degrees through its college of engineering and college of fine arts.carnegie tech set the groundwork for a research institution, recruiting leading scientists, offering sponsored fellowships with government and industry leaders and pioneering nontraditional interdisciplinary research, which brought together physicists, chemists and metallurgists, for example. interdisciplinary research would become the hallmark of carnegie mellon research. in 1919, the first doctorate (in civil engineering) was awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. degrees introduced 1912: carnegie tech grants bachelor's degrees soon faced with the demand for baccalaureate programs, carnegie technical schools changed

its name to the carnegie institute of technology, or "carnegie tech", and began offering bachelor's degrees through its college of engineering and college of fine arts. carnegie tech set the groundwork for a research institution, recruiting leading scientists, offering sponsored fellowships with government and industry leaders and pioneering nontraditional interdisciplinary research, which brought together physicists, chemists and metallurgists, for example. interdisciplinary research would become the hallmark of carnegie mellon research. in 1919, the first doctorate (in civil engineering) was awarded to mao yisheng, a student from china. first u.s. drama class actors the first u.s. drama