-century campus designed in the beaux arts architectural style, housing a wealth of machine shops, studios and laboratories — the hands-on center of learning that persists today. carnegie died in 1919, but his vision for an educated public lived on after him. humanities requirement % of curriculum with the goal of understanding societal needs, the carnegie plan began in 1938. science and engineering students were now required to take humanities and social sciences courses. humanities requirement % of curriculum with the goal of understanding societal needs, the carnegie plan began in 1938. science and engineering students were now required to take humanities and social sciences courses. humanities requirement % of curriculum with the goal of understanding societal needs, the carnegie plan began in 1938. science and engineering students were now required to take humanities and social sciences courses. post-war growth: opening three new schools with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. post-war growth: opening three new schools with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information tech