rst ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. with the end of world war ii, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to carnegie tech. in 1956, the arrival of the first ibm computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. university culture also changed in 1973, when margaret morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. 1948 the graduate school of industrial administration, later renamed the david a. tepper school of business, focused on quantitative analysis and pioneering the field of management science. 1968 the school of urban and public affairs, later renamed the h. john heinz iii college, provided graduate training for work in the public sector. 1986 the school of computer science pioneered computing and artificial intelligence, led by interdisciplinary efforts of allen newell and herbert simon. 1948 the graduate school of industrial administration, later renamed the david a. tepper school of business, focused on quantitative analysis and pioneering the field of management science. 1968 the school of urban and public affairs, later renamed the h. john heinz iii college, provided graduate training for work in the public sector. 1986 the school of computer science pioneered computing and artificial intelligence, led by interdisciplinary efforts of allen newell and herbert simon. 1948 the graduate school of industrial administration, later renamed the david a. tepper school of business, focused on quantitative analysis and pioneering the field of management science. 1968 the school of urban and public affairs, later renamed the h. john heinz iii college, provided graduate training for work in the public sector. 1986 the school of computer science pioneered computing and artifi