ula so established will be subject to review and correction by the city of pittsburgh. a thorough description explaining the formula shall be attached to the first return each year. the data supporting the formula shall be maintained for at least three (3) years as a part of office records for audit and review purposes. f. partners and self-employed individuals who have taxable distributions generated from intrastate sales or services partly within the city of pittsburgh or partly outside the city of pittsburgh shall report on the taxable distributions associated with sales or services rendered within the city of pittsburgh. where it is impractical to determine the exact taxable distributions, an apportionment formula may be used. any formula so established will be subject to review and correction by the city of pittsburgh finance department. the data supporting the formula must be maintained as a part of office records for audit and review purposes. a thorough description explaining the formula shall be attached to the first return each year. the data supporting the formula shall be maintained for at least three (3) years as a part of office records for audit and review purposes. g. partners and self-employed individuals who have compensation from sources within and without pennsylvania, may apportion their compensation to the city using the formula used reporting personal income tax on form pa-40, 61 pa. code § 109.5, by substituting the word “city” for the “commonwealth” where necessary. in making that calculation, all intrastate sales and services within pennsylvania are deemed allocated to the city if the partner’s or self-employed individual’s sole office in pennsylvania is -7- located in the city. h. an employer which conducts business in the city of pittsburgh on a temporary, seasonal or itinerant basis shall file a return and pay the tax within ten (10) days of the completion of the temporary, seasonal, or itinerant business. article ii imposition of tax section 201 – levy and rate the tax levied pursuant to the city code, title ii, article vii, chapter 258 is known as the payroll tax. the rate of tax is fifty-five hundredths of a percent (.55% or .0055) of payroll expense generated as a result of an employer conducting business within the city of pittsburgh. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(a); local tax enabling act. 53 p.s. § 6924.311(12). section 202 – computation of tax a. the payroll tax is a tax that is levied on employers. this t