ity, department, or instrumentality of the federal government or of another state, and any unit of government listed under 101 pa. code § 23.221. internal revenue code – the internal revenue code of 1986 (public law 99- 514), as amended, 26 u.s.c. § 1, and following, as it was in effect on january 1, 2020. any citation to regulations issued under the internal revenue code of 1986, 26 c.f.r. § 1, and following, refers to the regulations in effect on january 1, 2020. net distribution – the amount of a partner’s or self-employed person’s draws from net income from one or more businesses that have activities in the city shall be reported for the payroll expense tax. for purposes of this regulation, taxable distributions are limited by the sum of draws or net income for that partner or self-employed person, whichever is less. if the partner’s or self-employed person’s net distribution exceeds that individual’s share of net profits from a particular business, the excess draw is a return of capital. a return of capital is not taxable because this is a liquidation of a partner’s or self-employed person’s assets by the owner. a partner’s taxable distributions shall include a partner’s share of guaranteed payments from the partnership. taxable distributions shall be determined using the same tax accounting method used to report taxable income for pennsylvania personal income tax purposes, tax reform code of 1971. taxable distributions from a business are presumed to be derived from the current year’s net income of that business. partner – an individual owner or member in a partnership. a partner will owe tax based on taxable distributions. a partner is not taxed on his or her passive income. partnership – an unincorporated entity, joint venture, business trust, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, syndicate, or any other unincorporated association, with two or more owners that is taxed for pennsylvania state income purposes as a pass-through entity. tax reform act of 1971, 72 p.s. § 7401 (definition of a “corporation”). an unincorporated entity, with one owner, that is treated under the federal “check-the-box” as a disregarded entity is not a partnership. 26 c.f.r. § 301.7701-3 (as it was in effect on january 1, 2020). see, tax reform act of 1971, 72 p.s. § 7307.21. an unincorporated entity, with one or more owners, that has made the federal “check-the-box” election to be taxed as a “corporation” is not a partnership but it may be an