hat section imposes a federal tax on unrelated business taxable income of a charity that is exempt from federal tax under section 501(c) of the internal revenue code. 26 u.s.c. § 501(c). if the charity has purchased or is operating branches, affiliates, subsidiaries or other business entities that do not independently meet the standards of the “institutions of purely public charity act”, the tax shall be paid on the payroll attributable to such for-profit branches, affiliates or subsidiaries, whether or not the employees are leased or placed under the auspices of the charity’s umbrella or parent organization. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(a.1). g. by reason of the explicit language in the local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(a.1), institutions of purely public charity are not exempt from the payroll tax. however, institutions of purely public charity are exempt from payroll tax associated with activities that are related to the charitable purposes for which the institution was formed. for purposes of determining whether an activity is related to the charitable purposes for which the institution was formed or unrelated under section 511 of the internal revenue code, 26 u.s.c. § 511, the treasurer will follow federal law in effect on january 1, 2020. h. any person, other than an exempt employer, that believes that it is exempt from paying the payroll tax, because of a tax exemption granted under federal, state, or local law shall file its return, caption the return “exempt,” and provide a short citation to the legal basis for its exemption. -9- article iii employer’s responsibility section 301 – payroll tax levied on employers a. every employer not registered with the city of pittsburgh shall, within fifteen (15) days, register with the treasurer the employer’s name, address and such other information as the treasurer may require. the first return for a new business is calculated on the payroll expense for the portion of the quarter it was in business. b. the payroll tax is a tax that is levied on employers. under no circumstance may the payroll tax be deducted from the employees’ wages. c. it may be necessary to include form 1099’s issued to individuals in the employer’s calculations of the payroll tax. see “employee” definition. d. it shall be the employer’s responsibility, upon request from the city of pittsburgh, to provide a list of sub-contractors which includes their name, address, federal employer identification number (ein), conta