est, then to penalty, then to any other fees or charges. local taxpayer bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8429. section 502 – suits for recovery of unpaid taxes the treasurer may sue in the name of the city of pittsburgh, in law or in equity, for the recovery of those taxes due and unpaid under the provisions of the payroll tax, to compel the production of records or to enforce any other provisions of the law. section 503 - limitations a. the following periods of limitations shall apply to suits for collection of taxes. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(g). 1. when a return has been filed but no tax paid, any suit brought to recover the tax due and unpaid shall be filed within three (3) years after the return was due or filed, whichever is later. where no return was filed, there shall be no limit to file suit for the collection of taxes. 2. in the case of a deficiency assessment, suit shall be filed within three (3) years after the assessment has been made. b. the limitations set forth in paragraph (a) shall not prevent the institution of a suit for the collection of any tax due or determined to be due in the following cases: 1. when no return was filed, there is no limitation. 2. when the return is fraudulent, there is no limitation. 3. when there is an understatement of tax liability of twenty-five (25%) or more, and not due to fraud, suit must be begun within six (6) years. 4. a return filed before the due date is deemed to be filed on the due date. -13- section 504 – penalty and interest a. if for any reason the payroll tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate of six (6%) percent per annum on the amount of tax and a penalty of one (1%) percent per month for each month or fraction of a whole month during the period in which the tax remains unpaid shall be added to the tax. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(h). b. penalty and interest on deficiency assessment. on any additional tax determined to be due as a result of a deficiency assessment, penalty and interest will be assessed from the day the tax should have been paid to the date of payment. penalty and interest is calculated as described above in the applicable portion of section 504(a). c. where suit is brought for the recovery of such tax, the person liable therefore shall, in addition, be liable for the costs of collection and the interest and penalties herein imposed. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(h). once due and owing, penalty and interest become part of the tax