rdance with the local taxpayer bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8424(a). section 403 – records to be kept by the taxpayer taxpayers and employers liable for the payroll tax are required to keep such records as will enable the filing of true and accurate returns of the tax and such records shall be preserved for a period of not less than three (3) years from the filing date or due date whichever is later in order to enable the treasurer or any agent designated by him to verify the correctness of -11- the declarations or returns filed. section 404 – audits and time for assessments a taxpayer has thirty (30) calendar days to respond to audit notices. if additional time is necessary, the taxpayer may request a reasonable extension of that time upon a showing of good cause. 53 pa.c.s. § 8424(a). if, as a result of an examination conducted by the treasurer, a return is found to be incorrect, the treasurer is authorized to assess and collect any underpayments of the payroll tax. if no return has been filed and a tax is found to be due, the tax actually due may be assessed and collected with or without the formality of obtaining a return from the taxpayer. deficiency assessments (i.e., where taxpayer has filed a return but is found to owe additional tax) shall include taxes for up to three (3) years prior to the date when the deficiency is assessed. if the deficiency exceeds twenty-five percent or more of the tax originally self-reported, but no fraud is found, suit must be begun within six years. where no return was filed, or a fraudulent return was filed, there shall be no limit to the period of assessment. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(g). -12- article v suits for tax collections, violations, fines, interest & penalties section 501 – remedies not mutually exclusive the remedies provided in section 502 or section 505 are not mutually exclusive. the utilization by the treasurer of one remedy does not preclude utilization of the other. moreover, use of either or both of the remedies provided in these sections does not preclude the use by the city of pittsburgh of any other legal or administrative procedure which can bring about compliance by the taxpayer with the provisions of chapter 258 of the pittsburgh code and these regulations. any voluntary payment made by a taxpayer, unless otherwise specified in writing, shall be applied first to tax, then to interest, then to penalty, then to any other fees or charges. local taxpayer bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. §