-contractors which includes their name, address, federal employer identification number (ein), contact person and their phone number. historical note - for the years 2005-2015 the payroll tax for the first quarter was due february 28 based on payroll expense in october, november and december of the prior calendar year. effective for 2016 and thereafter, the payroll tax for the first quarter is due on may 31 based on payroll expense in january, february, and march of that year. e. the payroll tax is to be paid as follows: the first quarterly return, which is due may 31 of the current year, shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of payroll expense during the months of january, february, and march of the current year; the second quarterly return, which is due august 31 of the current year, shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of payroll expense during the months of april, may, and june of the current year; the third quarterly return, which is due november 30 of the current year, shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of payroll expense during the months of july, august, and september of the current year; the fourth quarterly return, which is due february 28 of the succeeding year, shall be filed and the tax shall be paid based on the amount of payroll expense during the months of october, november, and december of the current year. f. any employer, who discontinues business or ceases operation before december 31 of the current tax year, shall within 10 days after discontinuing business or ceasing operation, if not already filed and paid, file the return hereinabove required and pay the tax to the treasurer. g. if for any reason the tax is not paid when due, interest at the rate of six percent per annum (6%) on the amount of said tax and an additional penalty of one percent (1%) of the amount of the unpaid tax for each month or fraction thereof during which the tax remains unpaid shall be added and collected. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(h). -10- article iv administration and enforcement section 401 – powers and duties of treasurer (director) a. it shall be the duty of the treasurer to collect and receive the taxes, fines, and penalties imposed by the city code, title ii, article vii, chapter 258. it shall also be the duty of the treasurer to keep a record showing the date of such receipt. b. the treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of th