receipt. b. the treasurer is charged with the administration and enforcement of the provisions of the city code, and is empowered to prescribe, adopt, promulgate and enforce rules and regulations relating to any matter pertaining to the administration and enforcement of the city code, including provisions for the reexamination and corrections of declarations and returns, and of payments alleged or found to be incorrect, or as to which an overpayment is claimed or found to have occurred, and to prescribe forms necessary for the administration of the city code. c. the treasurer is authorized to issue a ruling upon written request of a taxpayer. section 402 – examination of books and records of taxpayers and employers a. agents designated by the treasurer are hereby authorized to examine the books, papers and records of any employer or supposed employer, or of any taxpayer or supposed taxpayer, in order to verify the accuracy of any declaration or return, or if no declaration or return was filed, to ascertain the tax due. every employer or supposed employer, and every taxpayer or supposed taxpayer, is hereby directed and required to give to the treasurer, or to any agent designated

by him/her, the means, facilities and opportunity for such examinations and investigations, as are hereby authorized. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.315; local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(c). b. if records are not available in the city of pittsburgh to support the returns which were filed or which should have been filed, the taxpayer will be required to make them available to the treasurer either by producing them in a city of pittsburgh location or by paying for the expenses incurred by the treasurer in traveling to the place where the records are regularly kept. c. any information gained by the treasurer, by designated agents, or by any other official or agent of the city of pittsburgh, as a result of any declarations, returns, investigations, hearings or verifications required or authorized by the city code, shall be confidential except for official purposes and shall not be released except in accordance with a proper judicial order, or as otherwise provided by law. local taxpayer bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8437. d. a taxpayer shall have at least thirty (30) calendar days to respond to audit notices. a taxpayer may request a reasonable extension of time in accordance with the local taxpayer bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8424(a). section 403 – records to be kep