sportation from a site outside the city, through the city, to a destination outside of the city. a person shall not be deemed to be engaged in business solely by reason of the receipt of passive income for which no services are rendered. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(b). for persons who perform services within and without the city, payroll expense shall be apportioned in accordance with section 102 of these regulations. charity – a charitable organization that qualifies for tax exemption pursuant to the act of november 26, 1997 (p.l. 508, no 55), known as the “institutions of purely public charity act”, 10 p.s. § 371, that provides the evidence required by 10 p.s. § 376(a). city – the area within the city limits of the city of pittsburgh. compensation – salaries, wages, commissions, bonuses, net earnings and incentive payments, whether based on profit or otherwise, fees, tips and any other form of remuneration earned for services rendered, whether paid directly or through an agent, and whether in cash or in property or the right to receive property, excluding any passive income received by partners or self-employed persons. the compensation of a partner or self-employed person is that person’s taxable distributions from each separate business carried on within the city. distributions – drawing account; the owner’s account for recording any withdrawals. -3- drawing account – a temporary capital account, set up in the name of a partner or self- employed person from which the individual can withdraw money or other assets in anticipation of profit of the business. employee – any individual in the service of an employer, under an appointment or contract of hire or apprenticeship, express or implied, oral or written, whether lawfully or unlawfully employed. individuals who may be classified as an independent contractor under the tax reporting rules associated with irs form 1099-misc, can be re-classified as employees for purposes of this tax. irrespective of the common law tests for determining the existence of an independent contractor relationship, an individual performing work or service for compensation shall be deemed to be an employee of the person for whom the work or service is performed unless: (1) such individual has been and will continue to be free from control or direction over the performance of such work or service, under his/her appointment of contract of hire or apprenticeship; (2) such work or service is outside the usual course of