deral “check-the-box” election to be taxed as a “corporation” is not a partnership but it may be an employer. passive income – items of income earned by a partner or self-employed person from interest (not derived from working capital investments), dividends, capital gains (except for an individual who is considered a trader and not an investor), ground rents, royalties associated with the development of natural resources through a non-operating interest, retirement income earned after retirement, and real estate rental income where substantial services are not provided to tenants, is non-taxable passive income. in determining whether any portion of net profits from a business may constitute compensation or non-taxable passive income, the treasurer will follow the guidance issued under tax reform code of 1971, 72 p.s. § 7303(a), and the pa personal income tax return guide, except where such guidance is inconsistent with the purposes of the payroll tax. income earned by a partner or by a self-employed person, is not passive income if the business provides professional services (e.g. law, accounting, architectural, professional engineering, actuarial, or medical services) or personal services to customers, unless the partner or self-employed person is retired, based on age or years of service, and does not provide services to the business. guaranteed payments made to a partner are not passive income. payments made to a retiring partner under section 736 of the internal revenue code, 26 u.s.c. § 736, are passive income. the passive income -5- exclusion only applies to partners and self-employed persons, but not to employees whose compensation is reported to the taxing authorities on a form w-2 or form 1099-misc. payroll expense – the total compensation paid, including salaries, wages, net distributions, commissions, bonuses, stock options and other compensation to all individuals who during any tax year, perform work or render services in whole or in part in the city of pittsburgh. employee contributions and deductions resulting from an employee election, whether deferred or otherwise, to qualified cash or deferred arrangements, such as an internal revenue code section 401(k) retirement plan or internal revenue code section 125 “cafeteria plan”, do not reduce total compensation. compensation meeting the definition of earned income would be part of the payroll expense tax associated with a particular employee who is not a partner or a self-employed person. loc