of the treasurer, following a hearing, shall have the right to make an appeal to the court of common pleas of allegheny county, in accordance with the taxpayer’s bill of rights act. 53 pa.c.s. § 8434. any appeal must be commenced within thirty (30) days of the date of the notice of the treasurer’s decision. if no such appeal is timely filed, the aggrieved party waives his/her right to contest any element of the treasurer’s adjudication, and that party’s failure to challenge the same will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the treasurer’s decision. no hearing or appeal will operate to suspend the accrual of penalty and interest from the date the tax was due to the date it is actually paid. -16- section 603 – payment under protest the treasurer will accept payments of disputed tax amounts under protest pending appeals; however, any request for refund of such monies must be filed in accordance with section 604. section 604 – refunds a. a taxpayer who has overpaid the payroll tax, or who believes he is not liable for the payroll tax may file a written request on an amended tax return (et-1) with the department of finance for a refund or a credit of the tax. a request for refund or a credit shall be made within three (3) years of the due date for filing the report or one year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. if no report is required, the request shall be made within three (3) years after the due date for payment of the tax or within one (1) year after actual payment of the tax, whichever is later. local taxpayers bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8425(a). b. for amounts paid as a result of a notice asserting or informing a taxpayer of an underpayment, a written request for a refund shall be filed with the department of finance within one (1) year of the date of the payment. local taxpayers bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8425(b) c. erroneous refund recovery – the treasurer may sue for recovery of an erroneous refund provided such suit is begun two (2) years after making such refund, except that the suit may be brought within five (5) years if any part of the refund was induced by fraud or misrepresentation of material fact. section 605 – installment payment plan for any deficiency in the appropriate circumstances, the treasurer will enter an installment payment plan and defer further collection action, if the taxpayer enters into a written agreement with the treasurer. the treasurer will approve installment payment pl