2). section 202 – computation of tax a. the payroll tax is a tax that is levied on employers. this tax is separate and distinct from the earned income tax withheld from employees. under no circumstance should the payroll tax be deducted from the employees’ compensation or benefits. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(f). b. the payroll amount apportioned to the city shall be determined as set forth in section 102 of the regulations. c. tax base – the tax shall be paid quarterly and the tax for each quarter shall be computed on the payroll expense of the current quarter attributable to the city of pittsburgh. the tax base for partners and self-employed individuals is taxable distributions associated with each separate business within the city. d. an employer which conducts business in the city of pittsburgh on a temporary, seasonal or itinerant basis shall calculate the tax on the total compensation earned while in the city of pittsburgh. e. discontinuing business – every person who ceases to carry on a business during any tax quarter after having paid the payroll tax for the entire quarter shall, upon making proper application on a form obtained from the treasurer, be entitled to receive a prorated refund of the tax paid based upon the period of time he was not in business during the tax quarter. in the event that a person who discontinues business during any tax quarter does so before payment of the tax becomes due for such tax quarter, said person may apportion the tax and pay an amount to be computed by multiplying the payroll expense for the preceding tax quarter by a fraction whose numerator shall be the number of days such person was in business during the current tax quarter and whose denominator shall be the total number of days in the current quarter. the final return shall be due ten (10) days after the discontinuation of business. self-employed individuals and partners are considered to have discontinued their business only if all separate businesses of the individual are discontinued. f. a charitable organization, as defined above, shall calculate the tax that would otherwise be attributable to the city of pittsburgh and file a return, but only shall pay the tax on -8- that portion of its payroll expense attributable to business activity for which a tax may be imposed pursuant to section 511 of the internal revenue code. 26 u.s.c. § 511. that section imposes a federal tax on unrelated business taxable income of a charity that is exempt f