tment of contract of hire or apprenticeship; (2) such work or service is outside the usual course of the business of the person for which such service is performed; or, (3) such individual is customarily engaged in an independently established trade, occupation, business or profession. a partner or self- employed person is not an employee. employer – any person conducting business within the city. an exempt employer is not an employer under these regulations. a partnership is an employer as to its employees and as to any of its partners providing service in the city. a partner, conducting one or more businesses within the city through a partnership, where the partnership does not file a payroll tax return with the city, is an employer. any self-employed person conducting one or more business within the city is an employer. any person who is classified as an employer under the pennsylvania personal income tax statute is an employer under these regulations. 72 p.s. § 7301(h). the term employer includes any person that makes an election under 26 u.s.c. § 3504 to act as a payroll agent, or any person who both withholds and remits the city local earned income tax, 53 p.s. § 6924.501, or the city local services tax, 53 p.s. § 6924.301.1(9)(v), on behalf of another. 53 p.s. § 6924.303(j). to decide issues involving joint employers, the city will look to the guidance provided under the fair labor standards act, 29 c.f.r. § 791.2 (85 fr 2820, effective march 16, 2020). for example, a payroll reporting company that is not a common law employer of the workers of another unless it is: (a) an employer of those workers under 72 p.s. § 7301(h) or (b) the joint employer of those workers. exempt employer – any person that is a governmental entity. a contractor or consultant, classified as a partner, a self-employed person, or a person receiving form 1099-misc, providing services to an exempt employer is not itself exempt merely because he or she derives service revenue from a governmental entity. guaranteed payments – payments to partners by the partnership for services that are determined without regard to the net income of the partnership. for example, health insurance premiums paid by the partnership on behalf of any partner are guaranteed payments because they are determined without regard to the net income of the partnership. -4- governmental entity – any agency, authority, department, or instrumentality of the federal government or of another state, and any unit of g