e, or to pay a tax thereon. an employer, partner, or self employed person are a taxpayer. an exempt employer is not a taxpayer. temporary seasonal or itinerant business – shall mean an employer whose presence in the city is of a duration of one hundred twenty (120) days or less. treasurer – references to the treasurer in these regulations refer to the director and/or the department of finance. the director holds principal responsibility for tax administration in the city of pittsburgh. the deputy director of finance serves as city treasurer. -6- section 102 – who must file a return a. the city code, title ii, article vii, chapter 258, imposes a payroll tax on all persons that engage, hire, employ or contract with one or more individuals, as employees, to perform work or render services within the city of pittsburgh. the payroll tax is computed on the employer’s payroll expense. the payroll tax on partners and self- employed is computed based on taxable distributions from any businesses. b. one hundred percent of the payroll expense is attributable to the city of pittsburgh for employers whose employees perform work or render services exclusively in the city of pittsburgh. c. one hundred percent of a partner’s or self-employed person’s taxable distributions are attributable to the city of pittsburgh for person(s) who have net income from sales or services rendered exclusively in the city of pittsburgh. d. for employers whose employees perform work or render services partly within and partly outside of the city of pittsburgh, the method of computing their payroll expense attributable to the city of pittsburgh is to use the percentage of the total number of working hours employed within the city of pittsburgh compared to the total number of working hours employed within and outside of the city of pittsburgh for each individual employee. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(a). e. employers who have payroll expense consisting of work done within and outside of the boundaries of the city of pittsburgh, but who do not regularly maintain records showing hours worked so as to be able to use the apportionment method under subsection (d) of this regulation, may use a representative test period or conduct a survey based on factual data to arrive at a formula with which to calculate the percentage of payroll expense attributable to the city of pittsburgh. any formula so established will be subject to review and correction by the city of pittsburgh. a thorough de