nabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(h). once due and owing, penalty and interest become part of the tax and shall be collected as such. a person’s belief that no tax is due and owing, or the failure of any person to receive or obtain the forms required for making the returns required under the city code is not a valid defense to the imposition of penalties herein for violation. d. good faith shall not be a defense to the imposition of penalty and interest. penalty and interest may be abated only in accordance with the local taxpayers bill of rights, 53 pa.c.s. § 8428. section 505 – fines and penalties for violation of applicable provisions of title two, pittsburgh code a. violations – no person shall: 1. fail, neglect, or refuse to make any declaration or file a return required under the city code. 2. refuse to permit the treasurer or his/her designee to examine the books, records or accounts of any business, taxable or otherwise, to determine liability. 3. make any incomplete, false or fraudulent return or attempt to do anything to avoid full disclosure of the amount of tax due to avoid payment in whole or in part, of the payroll tax. 4. divulge information, which is confidential under chapter 201.06 of the city code. 5. fail to make any payment when it is due. b. pursuant to the local tax enabling act, 53 p.s.6924.303(i), in addition to any other penalties or enforcement proceedings provided for by ordinance for the collection and enforcement of taxes: 1. any employer who willfully makes any false or untrue statement on the employer’s return shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the second degree and shall, upon conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than two thousand dollars ($2,000) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than two years, or both; 2. any employer who willfully fails or refuses to file a return required by this chapter shall be guilty of a misdemeanor of the third degree and shall, upon conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than one thousand dollars ($1,000) or to a term -14- of imprisonment of not more than one year, or both; and 3. any person who willfully fails or refuses to appear before the treasurer or his agent in person with the employer’s books, records or accounts for examination when required under the provisions of title two of the city code to do so, or who willfully refuses to permit inspection of the books, records or accounts of any employer in the person’s custody or control when the right to make suc