s, records or accounts of any employer in the person’s custody or control when the right to make such inspection by the treasurer or his agent is requested, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall, upon conviction, be sentenced to pay a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500) or to a term of imprisonment of not more than six months, or both.the fines and terms of imprisonment, imposed under this section shall be in addition to any other relief granted to the city of pittsburgh of a monetary nature under the provisions of this article. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.303(i). 4. each and every day that the violation continues shall constitute a separate offense for which a fine may be imposed. -15- article vi taxpayer remedies section 601 – treasurer hearings a. any taxpayer aggrieved by an assessment by the treasurer shall, within ninety (90) days after the date of notice of the assessment, request a treasurer’s hearing on a form obtained from the treasurer for that purpose. 53 pa.c.s. § 8431. the treasurer may on his/her own initiative cite a taxpayer for a hearing. b. any taxpayer who fails to request a treasurer’s hearing within a timely manner, waives the right to contest any element of the assessment, and that party’s failure to challenge the treasurer’s adjudication will be construed as an admission by that party as to the propriety of the assessment. c. the written petition for reassessment shall contain at minimum: 1. the petitioner’s name, address, and daytime telephone number. 2. the petitioner’s account and/or social security number. 3. a copy of the assessment notice the party received from the finance department. 4. a detailed explanation consisting of the reason or reasons the petitioner disagrees with the assessment and any documentation necessary to support the petitioner’s claims. 5. petitioner’s signature. d. the completed petition should be mailed to: treasurer hearings treasurer – city of pittsburgh 414 grant st pittsburgh pa 15219-2476 e. any taxpayer may request a treasurer’s hearing so that his tax refund request can be reviewed. f. the treasurer will abate any penalties and interest only in accordance with 53 pa.c.s. § 8428. g. the treasurer will issue its decision within sixty (60) days of the receipt of the petitioner’s complete and accurate petition form. section 602 – appeals any person aggrieved by the decision of the treasurer, following a hearing, shall have the right to make an appeal to the court of commo