xpense tax associated with a particular employee who is not a partner or a self-employed person. local tax enabling act, 53 p.s. § 6924.501 (“earned income”). the payroll tax is on gross payroll of the employer. the employers’ portions of federal and state payroll taxes, health insurance premiums, retirement plan contributions, etc., are not part of taxable gross payroll. the payroll expense of a partner or self-employed person is the cumulative annual taxable distributions associated with each separate business carried on within the city rather than “earned income” as defined in 53 p.s. §

6924.501. person – a corporation, partnership, partner, self-employed individual, business trust, association, unincorporated entity, estate, trust, foundation or natural person. whenever used in any provision prescribing a fine or penalty the word “person” as applied to partnerships, shall mean the partners thereof, and as applied to corporations and unincorporated associations, shall mean the officers thereof. a governmental entity is not a person. self-employed – an individual who earns compensation from one or more separate businesses carried on within the city, other than as an employee or as a partner. the single member owner of an unincorporated entity that is treated as disregarded entity under the federal “check-the-box” regulations, 26 c.f.r. § 301.7701-3 (as it was in effect on january 1, 2020), is treated as self-employed and not as a partner. the compensation of a self- employed individual shall be that person’s taxable distributions from each separate business reported on schedules c, e, or f of the pennsylvania individual income tax form pa-40, as well as any other non-employee compensation, which is not otherwise reported on schedules c, e, or f. passive income of a self-employed person is not subject to the payroll tax. if the self-employed person does not keep records of taxable distributions, the entire net income of each separate business is presumed to be a taxable distribution. any individual who is classified as an employee, because of the control exercised by the employer, is not self- employed as to any compensation associated with that particular business. tax year – a twelve-month period from january 1 to december 31. taxpayer – a person, partnership, association, corporation, or other entity required hereunder to file a return of payroll expense, or to pay a tax thereon. an employer, partner, or self employed person are a taxpayer. an exempt