n pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) pittsburgh japanese film festival march 15-28, 2024 the pittsburgh japanese film festival is a two-week celebration of the unique and exciting films coming out of japan. hosted at row house cinema, the festival features an amazing lineup pittsburgh-exclusive premieres, anime, a look at japanese gameshows as well as themed activities and tea tastings. in 2024, they're focusing on japanese horror films, a genre which has massively influenced hollywood for decades. look for iconic horror like kuroneko and house as well as modern horror, with the full run of films tba. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh japanese film fest (@jffpgh) carnegie mellon international film festival march 21-april 7, 2024 pittsburgh's premier international film festival houses programming that promotes cultural expression and exchange through film, collaborating with local businesses, guest filmmakers and arts organizations to make a big impact. view this post on instagram a post shared by cmu international film festival (@cmu_iff) banff centre mountain film festival april 19-21, 2024 our friends at venture outdoors host this globe-trotting film festival that celebrates achievements in outdoor storytelling and filmmaking. you'll travel around the world without ever leaving your seats with white-knuckle adventure at every screening. pittsburgh film organizations the pittsburgh region has always been at the center of the film industry. on june 19, 1905, some 450 people attend the opening day of the world's first nickelodeon, located in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, and developed by the showman harry davis. the storefront theater boasted 96 seats and charged each patron five cents. in addition, many modern film production studios have their roots in pittsburgh, including warner brothers and mgm. the modern horror film “night of the living dead” was created and filmed in pittsburgh, and dozens of famous actors, directors and film professionals are from the region. pittsburgh film office the pittsburgh film office (pfo) was founded in 1990 to promote the greater southwestern pennsylvania region as a great location for movie, television and commercial productions. since it