having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film festivals in the region, the three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curat