ousands of jobs and countless business opportunities with film industry projects and generating nearly $2 billion in economic impact to our region. some of the most notable productions filmed in the pittsburgh region include: the silence of the lambs, the deer hunter, the dark knight rises, jack reacher, fences, the fault in our stars, ma rainey’s black bottom, the perks of being a wallflower, flashdance, wonder boys, mindhunter, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, the next three days, love and other drugs, unstoppable, and out of the furnace. view an extensive list of films shot in the pittsburgh region. pittsburgh film office pittsburgh film office the pittsburgh film office (pfo) was founded in 1990 to promote the greater southwestern pennsylvania region as a great location for movie, television and commercial productions. since its inception, the pfo has assisted in bringing more than 200 feature films and television productions to southwestern pennsylvania: creating thousands of jobs and countless business opportunities with film industry projects and generating nearly $2 billion in economic impact to our region. some of the most notable productions filmed in the pittsburgh region include: the silence of the lambs, the deer hunter, the dark knight rises, jack reacher, fences, the fault in our stars, ma rainey’s black bottom, the perks of being a wallflower, flashdance, wonder boys, mindhunter, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, the next three days, love and other drugs, unstoppable, and out of the furnace. view an extensive list of films shot in the pittsburgh region. the pittsburgh film office (pfo) was founded in 1990 to promote the greater southwestern pennsylvania region as a great location for movie, television and commercial productions. since its inception, the pfo has assisted in bringing more than 200 feature films and television productions to southwestern pennsylvania: creating thousands of jobs and countless business opportunities with film industry projects and generating nearly $2 billion in economic impact to our region. some of the most notable productions filmed in the pittsburgh region include: the silence of the lambs, the deer hunter, the dark knight rises, jack reacher, fences, the fault in our stars, ma rainey’s black bottom, the perks of being a wallflower, flashdance, wonder boys, mindhunter, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, the next three days, love and other drugs, unstoppable, and out of the furnace. view an extensive