pittsburgh japanese film festival celebrating classic films and the most recent hits, pittsburgh japanese festival unveils a multifaceted lens across different genres and time… details a zombie review and some science, too! how pittsburgh became the home of zombies through legendary filmmaker george a. romero details six degrees of pittsburgh movies join us on a journey of the relationships between hollywood actors and pittsburgh! details 8 awesome pittsburgh innovations pittsburgh is over 250 years old and our history of innovation and evolution is rich and plentiful. we are famous… details pittsburgh loves mister rogers! mister rogers entered our homes with his gentle, soft-spoken personality and his positive and affirming messages - and he won… details live your pittsburgh romantic comedy yinz had me at hello details film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. plan your visit around one of these annual film festivals: plan your visit around one of these annual film festivals: plan your visit around one of these annual film festivals: plan your visit around one of these annual film festivals: carnegie museum of art film series monthly screenings april-nov. programmed by artist and curator astria suparak, these screenings will introduce 52 films and time-based works by 48 directors and artists with new programs each month. view this post on instagram a post shared by carnegie museum of art (@carnegiemuseumofart) carnegie