ters. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and be