2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) view this post on instagram a post