s and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-da