d 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panel