f the world's first nickelodeon, located in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, and developed by the showman harry davis. the storefront theater boasted 96 seats and charged each patron five cents. in addition, many modern film production studios have their roots in pittsburgh, including warner brothers and mgm. the modern horror film “night of the living dead” was created and filmed in pittsburgh, and dozens of famous actors, directors and film professionals are from the region. the pittsburgh region has always been at the center of the film industry. on june 19, 1905, some 450 people attend the opening day of the world's first nickelodeon, located in pittsburgh, pennsylvania, and developed by the showman harry davis. the storefront theater boasted 96 seats and charged each patron five cents. in addition, many modern film production studios have their roots in pittsburgh, including warner brothers and mgm. the modern horror film “night of the living dead” was created and filmed in pittsburgh, and dozens of famous actors, directors and film professionals are from the region. pittsburgh film office the pittsburgh film office (pfo) was founded in 1990 to promote the greater southwestern pennsylvania region as a great location for movie, television and commercial productions. since its inception, the pfo has assisted in bringing more than 200 feature films and television productions to southwestern pennsylvania: creating thousands of jobs and countless business opportunities with film industry projects and generating nearly $2 billion in economic impact to our region. some of the most notable productions filmed in the pittsburgh region include: the silence of the lambs, the deer hunter, the dark knight rises, jack reacher, fences, the fault in our stars, ma rainey’s black bottom, the perks of being a wallflower, flashdance, wonder boys, mindhunter, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, the next three days, love and other drugs, unstoppable, and out of the furnace. view an extensive list of films shot in the pittsburgh region. pittsburgh film office the pittsburgh film office (pfo) was founded in 1990 to promote the greater southwestern pennsylvania region as a great location for movie, television and commercial productions. since its inception, the pfo has assisted in bringing more than 200 feature films and television productions to southwestern pennsylvania: creating thousands of jobs and countless business opportunities with film industry projects and generating near