y. wqed film academy is student-focused, offering middle and high school students classroom experience using the latest technology, where each class produces their own short film by the end of the classes. wqed wqed wqed has two unique programs for filmmakers. wqed filmmakers offers enrichment opportunities for filmmakers in the region, providing networking and project promotion within pittsburgh's independent film community. wqed film academy is student-focused, offering middle and high school students classroom experience using the latest technology, where each class produces their own short film by the end of the classes. wqed has two unique programs for filmmakers. wqed filmmakers offers enrichment opportunities for filmmakers in the region, providing networking and project promotion within pittsburgh's independent film community. wqed film academy is student-focused, offering middle and high school students classroom experience using the latest technology, where each class produces their own short film by the end of the classes. filmed in pittsburgh | movie map filmed in pittsburgh | movie map filmed in pittsburgh | movie map authentic experiences filming in pittsburgh

learn more things to do a city of multitudes learn more hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods learn more authentic experiences authentic experiences authentic experiences filming in pittsburgh learn more things to do a city of multitudes learn more hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods learn more filming in pittsburgh learn more things to do a city of multitudes learn more hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods learn more filming in pittsburgh learn more things to do a city of multitudes learn more hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods learn more filming in pittsburgh learn more things to do a city of multitudes learn more hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic pr