ttsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! pittsburgh silent film fest