negie screenwriters. pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the wo