d, the next three days, love and other drugs, unstoppable, and out of the furnace. view an extensive list of films shot in the pittsburgh region. film pittsburgh film pittsburgh presents independent films from around the world, deepening audiences’ understanding of various cultures, expanding acceptance and recognizing our common humanity. film pittsburgh presents four film festivals: three rivers film festival, jfilm, reelabilities pittsburgh and pittsburgh shorts, and teen screen, a free education program for middle and high school students. film pittsburgh film pittsburgh presents independent films from around the world, deepening audiences’ understanding of various cultures, expanding acceptance and recognizing our common humanity. film pittsburgh presents four film festivals: three rivers film festival, jfilm, reelabilities pittsburgh and pittsburgh shorts, and teen screen, a free education program for middle and high school students. film pittsburgh film pittsburgh film pittsburgh presents independent films from around the world, deepening audiences’ understanding of various cultures, expanding acceptance and recognizing our common humanity. film pittsburgh presents four film festivals: three rivers film festival, jfilm, reelabilities pittsburgh and pittsburgh shorts, and teen screen, a free education program for middle and high school students. film pittsburgh presents independent films from around the world, deepening audiences’ understanding of various cultures, expanding acceptance and recognizing our common humanity. film pittsburgh presents four film festivals: three rivers film festival, jfilm, reelabilities pittsburgh and pittsburgh shorts, and teen screen, a free education program for middle and high school students. wqed wqed has two unique programs for filmmakers. wqed filmmakers offers enrichment opportunities for filmmakers in the region, providing networking and project promotion within pittsburgh's independent film community. wqed film academy is student-focused, offering middle and high school students classroom experience using the latest technology, where each class produces their own short film by the end of the classes. wqed wqed has two unique programs for filmmakers. wqed filmmakers offers enrichment opportunities for filmmakers in the region, providing networking and project promotion within pittsburgh's independent film community. wqed film academy is student-focused, offering middle and high school students classroom experien