udiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's moving images and featured the films somewhere over the chemtrails, france, lonely oaks, r.m.n. and other important eu films. view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festiva