n instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by european studies center (@esc_pitt) pittsburgh japanese film festival march 15-28, 2024 the pittsburgh japanese film festival is a two-week celebration of the unique and exciting films coming out of japan. hosted at row house cinema, the festival features an amazing lineup pittsburgh-exclusive premieres, anime, a look at japanese gameshows as well as themed activities and tea tastings. in 2024, they're focusing on japanese horror films, a genre which has massively influenced hollywood for decades. look for iconic horror like kuroneko and house as well as modern horror, with the full run of films tba. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh japanese film fest (@jffpgh) pittsburgh japanese film festival march 15-28, 2024 the pittsburgh japanese film festival is a two-week celebration of the unique and exciting films coming out of japan. hosted at row house cinema, the festival features an amazing lineup pittsburgh-exclusive premieres, anime, a look at japanese gameshows as well as themed activities and tea tastings. in 2024, they're focusing on japanese horror films, a genre which has massively influenced hollywood for decades. look for iconic horror like kuroneko and house as well as modern horror, with the full run of films tba. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh japanese film fest (@jffpgh) pittsburgh japanese film festival march 15-28, 2024 the pittsburgh japanese film festival is a two-week celebration of the unique and exciting films coming out of japan. hosted at row house cinema, the festival features an amazing lineup pittsburgh-exclusive premieres, anime, a look at japanese gameshows as well as themed activities and tea tastings. in 2024, they're focusing on japanese horror films, a genre which has massively influenced hollywood for decades. look for iconic horror like kuroneko and house as well as modern horror, with the full run of films tba. view this post on instagram a post shared by pittsburgh japanese film fest (@jffpgh) pittsburgh japanese film festival march 15-28, 2024 the pittsburgh japanese film festival is a two-week celebrat