n pennsylvania region as a great location for movie, television and commercial productions. since its inception, the pfo has assisted in bringing more than 200 feature films and television productions to southwestern pennsylvania: creating thousands of jobs and countless business opportunities with film industry projects and generating nearly $2 billion in economic impact to our region. some of the most notable productions filmed in the pittsburgh region include: the silence of the lambs, the deer hunter, the dark knight rises, jack reacher, fences, the fault in our stars, ma rainey’s black bottom, the perks of being a wallflower, flashdance, wonder boys, mindhunter, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, the next three days, love and other drugs, unstoppable, and out of the furnace. view an extensive list of films shot in the pittsburgh region. film pittsburgh film pittsburgh presents independent films from around the world, deepening audiences’ understanding of various cultures, expanding acceptance and recognizing our common humanity. film pittsburgh presents four film festivals: three rivers film festival, jfilm, reelabilities pittsburgh and pittsburgh shorts, and teen screen, a free education program for middle and high school students. wqed wqed has two unique programs for filmmakers. wqed filmmakers offers enrichment opportunities for filmmakers in the region, providing networking and project promotion within pittsburgh's independent film community. wqed film academy is student-focused, offering middle and high school students classroom experience using the latest technology, where each class produces their own short film by the end of the classes. filmed in pittsburgh | movie map authentic experiences filming in pittsburgh learn more things to do a city of multitudes learn more hotels & resorts no trip to pittsburgh is complete without a stay in one of our fantastic properties. learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods learn more related blog posts filmed in pittsburgh | recent releases and upcoming projects a guide to the pittsburgh locations featured in recent films, television shows and streaming programs and where to watch them. details reel q, pittsburgh’s lgbtq+ film festival learn more about reel q and the organization bringing lgbtq+ films and events to pittsburgh since 1985. details ultimate guide to the pittsburgh japanese film festival celebrating classic films and the most recent hits, pittsburgh ja