orts event attendee sports event attendee power of sports economy power of sports economy weddings & reunions weddings & reunions media media partners partners discover your persona film festivals ​pittsburgh's rich film history has resulted in an abundance of international, independent and family film festivals within the city each year. plan your visit around one of these annual film festivals: carnegie museum of art film series monthly screenings april-nov. programmed by artist and curator astria suparak, these screenings will introduce 52 films and time-based works by 48 directors and artists with new programs each month. view this post on instagram a post shared by carnegie museum of art (@carnegiemuseumofart) pittsburgh independent film festival june 28-30, 2024 held at the parkway theater in mckees rocks, the pittsburgh independent film festival prides itself on screening a huge variety of films across three days and keeping the focus on micro- and no-budget films created outside of the hollywood system. the event features also features an awards ceremony and in-depth discussions between filmmakers. view this post on instagram a post shared by parkway theater & film lounge (@theparkwaytheater) catvideofest aug. 2-8, 2024 this beloved, nationally touring fest features a fur-tastic 73-minute reel of the year's wildest and cutest cat videos put together from thousands of submissions. view this post on instagram a post shared by row house lawrenceville (@rowhouse_lawrenceville) reelabilities sept. 5-11, 2024 the reelabilities film festival presents award-winning films through the lens of individuals living with disabilities. in addition to impactful films, the festival also features artwork and special guests to bring the themes of community and shared human experience to the forefront. reelabilities is a program of film pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh silent film festival sept. 29-oct. 6, 2024 the pittsburgh silent film society will host the first pittsburgh silent film festival in sept. 2023 with nine films screening at eight venues around the pittsburgh area. the festival aims to honor pittsburgh's legacy in the silent film genre, and has a unique twist of having live musicians playing the accompaniment as festival goers watch! view this post on instagram a post shared by chad hunter (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film