e three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies and documentaries. in addition to film screenings, there are q&as with cast and crew, receptions and more. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film festivals in the region, the three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies and documentaries. in addition to film screenings, there are q&as with cast and crew, receptions and more. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film festivals in the region, the three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies and documentaries. in addition to film screenings, there are q&as with cast and crew, receptions and more. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film festivals in the region, the three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies and documentaries. in addition to film screenings, there are q&as with cast and crew, receptions and more. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh

(@film_pittsburgh) three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film festivals in the region, the three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies and documentaries. in addition to film screenings, there are q&as with cast and crew, receptions and more. three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film festivals in the region, the three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies