inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! did we miss your film festival? shoot us an email and we'll add you to the list! did we miss your film festival? shoot us an email and we'll add you to the list! did we miss your film festival? shoot us an email and we'll add you to the list! did we miss your film festival? shoot us an email and we'll add you to the list! past film festivals past film festivals past film festivals past film festivals jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest

speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. vi