r (@pittsburghsilentfilmsociety) three rivers film festival nov. 13-20, 2024 one of the largest film festivals in the region, the three rivers film festival will celebrate its 42nd year this november. the event showcases a curated slate of 25–30 independent feature films in a variety of genres, including dramas, comedies and documentaries. in addition to film screenings, there are q&as with cast and crew, receptions and more. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh shorts nov. 21-24, 2024 pittsburgh shorts features the newest and best short

films domestically and internationally at the harris theater, with an extra focus on films with a local connection and that promote inclusivity. the fun and engaging films include many that go on to be oscar® nominees and winners. pittsburgh shorts also hosts a short script competition in partnership with carnegie screenwriters. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! did we miss your film festival? shoot us an email and we'll add you to the list! past film festivals jfilm festival may 2-12, 2024 the annual jfilm festival presents international jewish-themed films that deepen audiences' understanding of the stories, history and commonalities that connect us all. the eleven-day festival is complemented by visiting filmmakers, guest speakers and collaborative events with other local organizations. jfilm is a program of film pittsburgh. view this post on instagram a post shared by film pittsburgh (@film_pittsburgh) pittsburgh eu film festival jan. 19-26, 2024 the harris theater in downtown pittsburgh is the host for the yearly pittsburgh eu film festival. this year's theme was europe's