longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. reel q pittsburgh lgbtq+ film festival tbd 2024 the annual reel q film festival in october is the sixth oldest lgbtq+ film festival in the world and the longest-running film festival in pittsburgh. reel q spans 10 days with a variety of programs, panels, parties and community activities. the festival screens approximately 20 locally first-run feature films and 50+ short films spanning multiple genres. view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) view this post on instagram view this post on instagram a post shared by reel q pgh lgbtq film festival (@reelqpgh) projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a free popcorn! projecting hope film festival various dates throughout 2024 the pittsburgh mills cinemas are the host of this weekend long festival of faith-based films that inspire, encourage and uplift. to make this event even better, tickets are free and come with a fre