] skopje, north macedonia sofia, bulgaria wuhan, china zagreb, croatia see also[edit] see also [edit] [ edit ] pennsylvania portal pennsylvania portal cities portal cities portal greater pittsburgh region list of fiction set in pittsburgh list of municipalities in pennsylvania list of people from pittsburgh explanatory notes[edit] explanatory notes [edit] [ edit ] ^ the neighborhoods are arlington heights, bluff,

brighton heights, crafton heights, duquesne heights, east hills, fineview, highland park, middle hill, mount oliver, mount washington, northview heights, perry north (also known as observatory hill), perry south (also known as perry hilltop), polish hill, ridgemont, south side slopes, spring hill-city view, squirrel hill, stanton heights, summer hill, troy hill, and upper hill. ^ the warmest daily minimum at the current observation location, pittsburgh int'l, is only 77 °f (25 °c) on july 23, 2010, and july 16, 1980. ^ mean monthly maxima and minima (i.e. the highest and lowest temperature readings during an entire month or year) calculated based on data at said location from 1991 to 2020. ^ records kept september 1874 to june 1935 at the weather bureau office across the allegheny river from downtown, at allegheny county airport from july 1935 to 14 september 1952, and at pittsburgh int'l (kpit) since 15 september 1952. due to its river valley and urban location as well as elevation, many of the summertime warm minima temperature records set at the wbo have not even come close to being matched at kpit, which is at-elevation and located in the western suburbs. for more information, see threadex ^ a b from 15% sample ^ the pittsburgh power of the arena football league and the pittsburgh passion of the independent women's football league (iwfl) use these colors as well. ^ pittsburgh and sheffield are both known as steel city for their connections with the steel industry. ^ the neighborhoods are arlington heights, bluff, brighton heights, crafton heights, duquesne heights, east hills, fineview, highland park, middle hill, mount oliver, mount washington, northview heights, perry north (also known as observatory hill), perry south (also known as perry hilltop), polish hill, ridgemont, south side slopes, spring hill-city view, squirrel hill, stanton heights, summer hill, troy hill, and upper hill. ^ the warmest daily minimum at the current observation location, pittsburgh int'l, is only 77 °f (25 °c) on july 23, 2010, and july 16, 1980. ^ mean monthly