o the pittsburgh symphony orchestra and pittsburgh opera. other prominent groups include the river city brass band and pittsburgh youth symphony orchestra. the city also hosts a variety of smaller arts organizations, such as pittsburgh irish and classical theatre, quantum theatre, the renaissance and baroque society of pittsburgh, and chatham baroque, an early music ensemble. university choirs include the pitt men's glee club and heinz chapel choir. the pittsburgh ballet theatre and pittsburgh dance council offer diverse dance events, while polka, folk, square, and round dancing are celebrated by the duquesne university tamburitzans, a multicultural academy dedicated to folk traditions. pittsburgh is also a popular filming location, with major productions like the dark knight rises filmed in downtown, oakland, and the north shore. the city is also recognized as the birthplace of the modern zombie film genre after george a. romero's 1968 film night of the living dead. the andy warhol museum is one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh. major art museums include the andy warhol museum, the carnegie museum of art, the frick pittsburgh, pittsburgh center for the arts, the mattress factory, and the carnegie museum of natural history, which holds extensive dinosaur, mineral, and egyptian collections. the kamin science center and associated sportsworks offer interactive technology and science exhibits. the heinz history center, a smithsonian affiliate, provides regional history in the strip district, while the fort pitt museum is located in point state park. the soldiers and sailors memorial hall and museum houses military exhibits, and the children's museum of pittsburgh features interactive exhibits for kids. the

eclectic bayernhof music museum is located six miles (9 km) from downtown, while the clemente museum is in lawrenceville. the cathedral of learning's nationality rooms showcase pre-19th-century learning environments, and architectural tours are available in many neighborhoods. downtown's cultural district hosts quarterly gallery crawls and the annual three rivers arts festival. pittsburgh also has art galleries such as the miller gallery at carnegie mellon university, university art gallery of the university of pittsburgh, the american jewish museum, and the wood street galleries. pittsburgh is home to the pittsburgh zoo & aquarium, phipps conservatory and botanical gardens, and the national aviary, all over a century old. kennywood, a classic am