e incline but it is operated by a non-profit preservation trust, but accepts pittsburgh regional transit passes and charges prt fares. the bus system lines are labeled by number and letter. these are the largest portion of pittsburgh regional transit and serve on streets and designated busways. buses serve most of the county, extending as far as pittsburgh international airport, monroeville, mccandless, and the borders of westmoreland county and beaver county, pennsylvania. meanwhile, the light rail system (commonly known as the "t") runs along both new tracks and those refurbished from the streetcar era. the light rail runs from acrisure stadium to south hills village and library, taking commuters through one of two routes: one which serves castle shannon, mt. lebanon, and beechview, and the other is an express line using railways through overbrook. freight rail[edit] union station, built in 1903 pittsburgh's rail industry dates to 1851 when the pennsylvania railroad first opened service between the pittsburgh and philadelphia. the baltimore and ohio railroad entered the city in 1871. in 1865, andrew carnegie opened the pittsburgh locomotive and car works, which manufactured for the industry until 1919. carnegie also founded the union railroad in 1894 for heavy freight services and it still serves the area's steel industry, while george westinghouse's wabtec has been a leader in rail engines and switching since 1869. pittsburgh is home to one of norfolk southern railway's busiest freight corridors, the pittsburgh line, and operates up to 70 trains per day through the city. the suburban conway rail yard, built in 1889, was the largest freight rail center in the world from 1956 until 1980 and is today the nation's second-largest. csx, the other major freight railroad in the eastern u.s., also has major operations around pittsburgh. port[edit] the port of pittsburgh ranks as the 20th-largest port in the united states with almost 34 million short tons of river cargo for 2011. the port ranked ninth-largest in the u.s. when measured in domestic trade. notable people[edit] main article: list of people from pittsburgh sister cities[edit] pittsburgh's sister cities are: bilbao, spain da nang, vietnam fernando de la mora, paraguay gaziantep, turkey glasgow, scotland karmiel, israel matanzas, cuba misgav, israel naucalpan, mexico ostrava, czech republic prešov, slovakia saarbrücken, germany saitama, japan san isidro, nicaragua sheffield, england[g] skopje, north mac