strial transition". other major cities in the northeast and mid-west have increasingly borrowed from pittsburgh's model in order to renew their industries and economic base. the largest employer in the city is the university of pittsburgh medical center, with 48,000 employees. all hospitals, outpatient clinics, and doctor's office positions combine for 116,000 jobs, approximately 10% of the jobs in the region. an analyst recently observed of the city's medical sector: "that's both more jobs and a higher share of the region's total employment than the steel industry represented in the 1970s." top publicly traded companiesin the pittsburgh region for 2022(ranked by revenues)with metropolitan and u.s. ranks metro corporation us 1 the kraft heinz company 139 2 u.s. steel 172 3 pnc financial services 178 4 viatris 204 5 ppg industries 218 6 dick's sporting goods 307 7 alcoa 312 8 wesco international 357 9 wabtec 439 10 arconic 452 education is a major economic driver in the region. the largest single employer in education is the university of pittsburgh, with 10,700

employees. ten fortune 500 companies call the pittsburgh area home. they are (in alphabetical order): alcoa corporation (nyse: aa), arconic corporation (nyse: arnc), dick's sporting goods (nyse: dks), the kraft heinz company (nasdaq: khc), pnc financial services (nyse: pnc), ppg industries (nyse: ppg), u.s. steel corporation (nyse: x), viatris (nasdaq: vrts), wabtec corporation (nyse: wab), and wesco international (wyse: wcc). the region is home to aurora, allegheny technologies, american eagle outfitters, duolingo, eqt corporation, consol energy, howmet aerospace, kennametal and ii-vi headquarters. other major employers include bny mellon, glaxosmithkline, thermo fisher scientific, and lanxess. the northeast u.s. regional headquarters for chevron corporation, nova chemicals, deloitte touche tohmatsu, fedex ground, ariba, and the rand corporation call the area home. 84 lumber, giant eagle, highmark, rue 21, general nutrition center (gnc), cnx gas (cxg), and genco supply chain solutions are major non-public companies headquartered in the region. the global impact of pittsburgh technology and business was recently demonstrated in several key components of the boeing 787 dreamliner being manufactured and supplied by area companies. area retail is anchored by over 35 shopping malls and a healthy downtown retail sector, as well as boutique shops along walnut street, in squirrel hill, lawrenceville and s