ayhorn, who grew up in the city, and pianist-composer mary lou williams, who honored her hometown with a 1966 album featuring leon thomas. recent artists like wiz khalifa have continued pittsburgh's musical legacy, with his hit "black and yellow" reaching number one on the billboard hot 100 in 2011. other notable artists from the area include perry como, christina aguilera, and the band rusted root, which was formed in pittsburgh. rusted root's liz berlin owns mr. smalls, a popular venue for national touring acts. hip hop artist mac miller, also from pittsburgh, named his debut album blue slide park after the local frick park. pittsburgh has emerged as a leading city in the united states' heavy metal music scene. many punk rock and hardcore punk acts, such as aus rotten and anti-flag, originated in pittsburgh. pittsburgh has also seen many metal bands gain prominence in recent years,[when?] most notably code orange, who were nominated for a grammy. the city was also home to the highly influential math rock band don caballero. pittsburgh also had an influential electronic music subculture in the 1990s, with origins similar to internet chatroom-based movements across the united states. pittsburgh promoters and djs organized raves in warehouses, ice rinks, barns, and fields which eventually attracted thousands of attendees. djs adam beyer and richie hawtin played at local raves. one notable figure, drum and bass dj dieselboy, emerged from this scene. since 2012, the hot mass after-hours electronic music dance party has been a key part of pittsburgh's electronic music scene, noted for its european nightclub vibe. electronic artist yaeji has credited hot mass as a formative influence during her time at carnegie mellon university. hellbender vinyl, a vinyl record manufacturing company, is located in pittsburgh. theatre[edit] main article: theatre in pittsburgh benedum center the city's first play was produced at the old courthouse in 1803 and the first theater built in 1812. collegiate companies include the university of pittsburgh's repertory theatre and kuntu repertory theatre, point park university's resident companies at its pittsburgh playhouse, and carnegie mellon university's school of drama productions and scotch'n'soda organization. the duquesne university red masquers, founded in 1912, are the oldest, continuously producing theater company in pennsylvania.[citation needed] the city's longest-running theater show, friday nite improvs, is an improv jam t