sway sections of pennsylvania route 28 and u.s. route 22 also carry traffic from downtown to the northeast and western suburbs, respectively. interstate 70, 79 and 76 (the turnpike) roughly form a triangular-shaped "beltway" with interstate 68 and 80 within the media market's northern and southern limits. turnpike spurs such as the mon–fayette expressway, pennsylvania route 576 and route 66 also help traffic flow. the non-expressway pittsburgh/allegheny county belt system serves navigation in the region. airports[edit] main article: pittsburgh metropolitan area § airports pittsburgh international airport provides commercial passenger service from over 15 airlines to the pittsburgh metropolitan area. arnold palmer regional airport also provides limited commercial passenger service and is 44 miles (71 km) east of pittsburgh. other airports that have or have had scheduled commercial service include morgantown municipal airport (79 miles (127 km) south of pittsburgh), youngstown–warren regional airport (81 miles (130 km) northwest of pittsburgh), akron–canton airport (120 miles (190 km) northwest of pittsburgh), johnstown–cambria county airport (60 miles (97 km) east of pittsburgh) and erie international airport (123 miles (198 km) north of pittsburgh). intercity passenger rail and bus[edit] main articles: union station (pittsburgh) and grant street transportation center amtrak provides intercity rail service to pittsburgh union station, via the capitol limited between chicago and washington, d.c., and the pennsylvanian to new york city. megabus, greyhound lines, and fullington trailways connect pittsburgh with distant cities by bus; greyhound and fullington trailways buses stop at the grant street transportation center intercity bus terminal. popular destinations include philadelphia, new york city, and washington, d.c. until declines in passenger travel in the 1950s and 1960s, several stations served pittsburgh: baltimore & ohio station, pittsburgh & lake erie railroad station, wabash pittsburgh terminal and pittsburgh union station. regional mass transit[edit] main articles: pittsburgh light rail and port authority of allegheny county § bus rapid transit steel plaza subway station pittsburgh regional transit, formerly known as the port authority of allegheny county, is the region's mass transit system. while serving only a portion of the pittsburgh area, the nation's 20th-largest metropolitan area, it is the 11th-largest transit agency in the united states.