heinz company (nasdaq: khc), pnc financial services (nyse: pnc), ppg industries (nyse: ppg), u.s. steel corporation (nyse: x), viatris (nasdaq: vrts), wabtec corporation (nyse: wab), and wesco international (wyse: wcc). the region is home to aurora, allegheny technologies, american eagle outfitters, duolingo, eqt corporation, consol energy, howmet aerospace, kennametal and ii-vi headquarters. other major employers include bny mellon, glaxosmithkline, thermo fisher scientific, and lanxess. the northeast u.s. regional headquarters for chevron corporation, nova chemicals, deloitte touche tohmatsu, fedex ground, ariba, and the rand corporation call the area home. 84 lumber, giant eagle, highmark, rue 21, general nutrition center (gnc), cnx gas (cxg), and genco supply chain solutions are major non-public companies headquartered in the region. the global impact of pittsburgh technology and business was recently demonstrated in several key components of the boeing 787 dreamliner being manufactured and supplied by area companies. area retail is anchored by over 35 shopping malls and a healthy downtown retail sector, as well as boutique shops along walnut street, in squirrel hill, lawrenceville and station square. the nonprofit arts and cultural industry in allegheny county generates $341 million in economic activity that supports over 10,000 full-time equivalent jobs with nearly $34 million in local and state taxes raised. a leader in environmental design, the city is home to 60 total and 10 of the world's first green buildings while billions have been invested in the area's marcellus natural gas fields. a renaissance of pittsburgh's 116-year-old film industry—that boasts the world's first movie theater—has grown from the long-running three rivers film festival to an influx of major television and movie productions. including disney and paramount offices with the largest sound stage outside los angeles and new york city. pittsburgh has hosted many conventions, including inpex, the world's largest invention trade show, since 1984; tekko, a four-day anime convention, since 2003; anthrocon, a furry convention, since 2006; and the dug east energy trade show since 2009. arts and culture[edit] main article: culture of pittsburgh entertainment[edit] east room of the phipps conservatory and botanical gardens pittsburgh boasts a rich arts and culture scene, with a history dating back to 19th-century industrialists who commissioned and donated public works including heinz h