eement was subscribed in may 1918 between the czech and slovak nationalities, as envisioned by t. g. masaryk, concerning the future foundation of czechoslovakia. the city suffered severe flooding in march 1936. the city's population swelled to more than a half million, attracting numerous european immigrants to its industrial jobs. by 1940, non-hispanic whites were 90.6% of the city's population. pittsburgh also became a main destination of the african-american great migration from the rural south during the first half of the 20th century. limited initially by discrimination, some 95% percent of the men became unskilled steel workers. during world war ii, demand for steel increased and area mills operated 24 hours a day to produce 95 million tons of steel for the war effort. this resulted in the highest levels of air pollution in the city's almost century of industry. the city's reputation as the "arsenal of democracy" was being overshadowed by james parton's 1868 observation of pittsburgh being "hell with the lid off." following world war ii, the city launched a clean air and civic revitalization project known as the "renaissance," cleaning up the air and the rivers. the "renaissance ii" project followed in 1977, focused on cultural and neighborhood development. the industrial base continued to expand through the 1970s, but beginning in the early 1980s both the area's steel and electronics industries imploded during national industrial restructuring. there were massive layoffs from mill and plant closures. in the later 20th century, the area shifted its economic base to education, tourism, and services, largely based on healthcare/medicine, finance, and high technology such as robotics. although pittsburgh successfully shifted its economy and remained viable, the city's population has never rebounded to its industrial-era highs. while 680,000 people lived in the city proper in 1950, a combination of suburbanization and economic turbulence resulted in a decrease in city population, even as the metropolitan area population increased again. 21st century[edit] during the late 2000s recession, pittsburgh was economically strong, adding jobs when most cities were losing them. it was one of the few cities in the united states to see housing property values rise. between 2006 and 2011, the pittsburgh metropolitan statistical area (msa) experienced over 10% appreciation in housing prices, the highest appreciation of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas in