n's town was an 18th-century lenape (delaware) town located roughly from where penn avenue is today, below the mouth of two mile run, from 30th street to 39th street. according to george croghan, the town was situated on the south bank of the allegheny, nearly opposite what is now known as washington's landing, formerly herr's island, in what is now the lawrenceville neighborhood.: 289 18th century[edit] further information: pennsylvania in the american revolution fort pitt block house, built by the british in 1764, is the oldest extant structure in pittsburgh. the first known european to enter the region was the french explorer robert de la salle from quebec during his 1669 expedition down the ohio river.[better source needed] european pioneers, primarily dutch, followed in the early 18th century. michael bezallion was the first to describe the forks of the ohio in a 1717 manuscript, and later that year european fur traders established area posts and settlements. in 1749, french soldiers from quebec launched an expedition to the forks to unite canada with french louisiana via the rivers. during 1753–1754, the british hastily built fort prince george before a larger french force drove them off. the french built fort duquesne based on lasalle's 1669 claims. the french and indian war, the north american front of the seven years' war, began with the future pittsburgh as its center. british general edward braddock was dispatched with major george washington as his aide to take fort duquesne. the british and colonial force were defeated at braddock's field. general john forbes finally took the forks in 1758. he began construction on fort pitt, named after william pitt the elder, while the settlement was named "pittsborough". during pontiac's war, a loose confederation of native american tribes laid siege to fort pitt in 1763; the siege was eventually lifted after colonel henry bouquet defeated a portion of the besieging force at the battle of bushy run. bouquet strengthened the defenses of fort pitt the next year. during this period, the powerful nations of the iroquois confederacy, based in new york, had maintained control of much of the ohio valley as hunting grounds by right of conquest after defeating other tribes. by the terms of the 1768 treaty of fort stanwix, the penns were allowed to purchase the modern region from the iroquois. a 1769 survey referenced the future city as the "manor of pittsburgh". both the colony of virginia and the province of pennsy