the university of pittsburgh, the american jewish museum, and the wood street galleries. pittsburgh is home to the pittsburgh zoo & aquarium, phipps conservatory and botanical gardens, and the national aviary, all over a century old. kennywood, a classic amusement park, is located in west mifflin, and the rivers casino is on the north shore along the ohio river, just west of kamin science center and acrisure stadium. pittsburgh hosts anthrocon, one of the world's largest furry conventions, which has been held annually at the david l. lawrence convention center since 2006. in 2024, the event attracted over 17,000 visitors and has generated a cumulative economic impact of $53 million over 11 years. additionally, the reality show dance moms is filmed at pittsburgh's abby lee dance company. music[edit] pittsburgh has a long tradition of jazz, blues, and bluegrass music. the national negro opera company was founded in the city as the first all-african american opera company in the u.s., helping launch the careers of african-american opera stars like leontyne price. pittsburgh also shaped 20th-century music with influential figures like billy strayhorn, who grew up in the city, and pianist-composer mary lou williams, who honored her hometown with a 1966 album featuring leon thomas. recent artists like wiz khalifa have continued pittsburgh's musical legacy, with his hit "black and yellow" reaching number one on the billboard hot 100 in 2011. other notable artists from the area include perry como, christina aguilera, and the band rusted root, which was formed in pittsburgh. rusted root's liz berlin owns mr. smalls, a popular venue for national touring acts. hip hop artist mac miller, also from pittsburgh, named his debut album blue slide park after the local frick park. pittsburgh has emerged as a leading city in the united states' heavy metal music scene. many punk rock and hardcore punk acts, such as aus rotten and anti-flag, originated in pittsburgh. pittsburgh has also seen many metal bands gain prominence in recent years,[when?] most notably code orange, who were nominated for a grammy. the city was also home to the highly influential math rock band don caballero. pittsburgh also had an influential electronic music subculture in the 1990s, with origins similar to internet chatroom-based movements across the united states. pittsburgh promoters and djs organized raves in warehouses, ice rinks, barns, and fields which eventually attracted thousands of attendees.