nd landmarks foundation historic landmarks pittsburgh's 90 distinct neighborhoods east carson street in the south side flats shadyside neighborhood the city consists of the downtown area, called the golden triangle, and four main areas surrounding it—central, north side/north hills, south side/south hills, east end, and west end. these areas are further divided into 90 neighborhoods. downtown pittsburgh has 30 skyscrapers, nine over 500 feet (150 m), with the u.s. steel tower being the tallest at 841 ft (256 m). the cultural district spans 14 blocks along the allegheny river and is home to theaters, arts venues, and a growing residential community. the firstside portion of downtown borders the monongahela river, the historic mon wharf and hosts the distinctive ppg place gothic-style glass skyscraper complex. downtown is served by the port authority's light rail system and multiple bridges leading north and south. it is also home to point park university and duquesne university which borders uptown. the north side, originally the independent allegheny city until being annexed in 1907, is a primarily residential area with well-preserved 19th-century homes. it hosts attractions like acrisure stadium, pnc park, the andy warhol museum, and the national aviary, among others. the south side, once home to railyards and mill workers, has seen revitalization with improvements to east carson street and new retail. it is now a vibrant neighborhood with diverse shopping and nightlife. in the 1990s, the urban redevelopment authority of pittsburgh purchased the south side works steel mill property and redeveloped it into the southside works mixed-use development. the east end includes key institutions including the university of pittsburgh, carnegie mellon university, carnegie museums of art and natural history, and phipps conservatory. it features many parks, including mellon park, westinghouse park, schenley park, frick park, the frick pittsburgh, bakery square, and the pittsburgh zoo, and vibrant neighborhoods like shadyside. squirrel hill is also known as the hub of jewish life in pittsburgh, home to approximately 20 synagogues. oakland is home to several universities and the petersen events center. the strip district to the west along the allegheny river is an open-air marketplace by day and a clubbing destination by night. bloomfield is pittsburgh's little italy and is known for its italian restaurants and grocers. lawrenceville is a revitalizing rowhouse neighborh