an extensive library system, both public and university. most notable are the carnegie library of pittsburgh and the university of pittsburgh's university library system, which rank as the ninth-largest public and 18th-largest academic libraries in the nation, respectively. media[edit] main articles: media in pittsburgh, list of films shot in pittsburgh, and list of television shows shot in pittsburgh newspapers[edit] kdka-am's studios at gateway center there are two major daily newspapers in pittsburgh: the pittsburgh post-gazette and the pittsburgh tribune-review online only (no longer in print for pittsburgh area). weekly papers in the region include the pittsburgh business times, pittsburgh city paper, pittsburgh catholic, pittsburgh jewish chronicle, the new people, and the new pittsburgh courier. independent student-written university-based newspapers include the pitt news of the university of pittsburgh, the tartan of carnegie mellon university, the duquesne duke of duquesne university, and the globe of point park university. the university of pittsburgh school of law is also home to jurist, the world's only university-based legal news service. television[edit] the pittsburgh metro area is served by multiple local television and radio stations. the pittsburgh designated market area (dma) is the 22nd-largest in the u.s. with 1,163,150 homes (1.045% of the total u.s.). the major network television stations include kdka-tv 2 (cbs), wtae 4 (abc), wpxi 11 (nbc), winp-tv 16 (ion), wpkd-tv 19 (independent), wpnt 22 (the cw/mynetworktv), wpcb 40 (cornerstone), and wpgh-tv 53 (fox). kdka-tv, winp-tv, and wpcb are owned-and-operated by their respective networks. wqed 13 is the local pbs member station in pittsburgh. it was established on april 1, 1954, and was the first community-sponsored television station and the fifth public station in the united states. the station has produced much original content for pbs, including mr. rogers' neighborhood, several national geographic specials, and where in the world is carmen sandiego? radio[edit] a wide variety of radio stations serve the pittsburgh market. the first was kdka 1020 am, also the world's first commercially licensed radio station, which began airing on november 2, 1920. other stations include kqv 1410 am (news), wbgg 970 am (sports), kdka-fm 93.7 fm (sports), wkst-fm 96.1 fm (top 40), wamo-am 660 am and 107.3 fm (urban contemporary) wbzz 100.7 fm (adult contemporary), wdve 102.5 fm (album rock), wpgb 10