of the largest cities while 37 had less. the fbi recommends against using data for ranking. per 100,000 persons stats (2012): murder rape robbery assault burglary theft motor vehicle total violent total property city 13.1 15.1 363.3 360.4 812.8 2,438.2 174.3 752.0 3,425.4 at the end of 2019, the pittsburgh bureau of police reported 37 murders in the city that year. in pittsburgh, the homicide rate for african americans is seven times the national average. some people believe that over-reliance on law enforcement exacerbates homicide rates. there is also concern regarding the effectiveness of law enforcement in solving these cases, as 97% of unsolved cases involved a black victim. this has led certain residents to believe law enforcement to be ineffective or apathetic. this is despite an increasing police budget. in 2023, members of the pittsburgh city council approved an increase to the police budget by $6 million. about 6% of this money is expected to go to the stop the violence trust fund. this fund goes to improving parks and recreation, various non-profits, and to the office of community health and safety, in effort to holistically improve the social pressures supposedly causing violence in pittsburgh. some people do not believe these efforts to be adequate. certain studies, such as conducted by the police scorecard, rate the pittsburgh police department at 37% quality (with 100% being the best). they rated pittsburgh below the 50th percentile in the categories "police budget cost per person," "fines / forefeitures," "police presence/over-policing (officers per population)," "force used per arrest," "racial disparities in deadly force," "excessive force complaints upheld," "discrimination complaints upheld," "criminal misconduct complaints upheld," "arrest rate for low level offenses," and "racial disparities in drug arrests." this is 10 out of 15 categories. education[edit] colleges and universities[edit] see also: list of colleges and universities in pittsburgh cathedral of learning at the university of pittsburghmain campus of carnegie mellon university pittsburgh is home to many colleges, universities and research facilities, the most well-known of which are carnegie mellon university, the university of pittsburgh, and duquesne university. also in the city are carlow university, chatham university, point park university, the community college of allegheny county, pittsburgh theological seminary, reformed presbyterian theological seminary, and the