ered. unrest during the whiskey rebellion of 1794 resulted in federal troops being sent to the area. by 1797, glass manufacture began, while the population grew to around 1,400. settlers arrived after crossing the appalachian mountains or through the great lakes. fort pitt (now pittsburgh) at the source of the ohio river became the main base for settlers moving into the northwest territory. 19th century[edit] further information: pennsylvania in the american civil war the monongahela river and its surroundings in 1857lithograph of pittsburgh by otto krebs (before 1874) the federal government recognizes pittsburgh as the starting point for the lewis and clark expedition. preparations began in pittsburgh in 1803 when meriwether lewis purchased a keelboat that would later be used to ascend the missouri river. the war of 1812 cut off the supply of british goods, stimulating american industry. by 1815, pittsburgh was producing significant quantities of iron, brass, tin, and glass. on march 18, 1816, the 46-year-old local government became a city. it was served by numerous river steamboats that increased trading traffic on the rivers. in the 1830s, many welsh people from the merthyr steelworks immigrated to the city following the aftermath of the merthyr rising. by the 1840s, pittsburgh was one of the largest cities west of the allegheny mountains. the great fire of pittsburgh destroyed over a thousand buildings in 1845. the city rebuilt with the aid of irish immigrants who came to escape the great famine. by 1857, pittsburgh's 1,000 factories were consuming 22 million coal bushels yearly. coal mining and iron manufacturing attracted waves of european immigrants to the area, with the most coming from germany. burning of union depot during the pittsburgh railroad strike of 1877 because pennsylvania had been established as a free state after the revolution, enslaved african americans sought freedom here through escape as refugees from the south, or occasionally fleeing from travelers they were serving who stayed in the city. there were active stations of the underground railroad in the city, and numerous refugees were documented as getting help from station agents and african-american workers in city hotels. the drennen slave girl walked out of the monongahela house in 1850, apparently to freedom. the merchant's hotel was also a place where african-american workers would advise slaves the state was free and aid them in getting to nearby stations of the underground