c schools taylor allderdice high school in pittsburgh in november 2006 pittsburgh public schools teachers are paid well relative to their peers, ranking 17th in 2000 among the 100 largest cities by population for the highest minimum salary. in 2018, the starting teacher salary offered to teachers with a ba was $46,920. the maximum annual salary for a teacher with a master's degree was $95,254. local public schools include many charter and magnet schools, including city charter high school (computer and technology focused), pittsburgh montessori school (formerly homewood montessori), pittsburgh gifted center, barack obama academy of international studies 6-12, pittsburgh creative and performing arts 6–12, pittsburgh science and technology academy, the western pennsylvania school for blind children, and the western pennsylvania school for the deaf. private schools in pittsburgh include bishop canevin high school, central catholic high school, oakland catholic high school, winchester thurston school, st. edmund's academy, hillel academy of pittsburgh, yeshiva schools and the ellis school. shady side academy maintains a pk–5 primary school campus in the point breeze neighborhood, in addition to its 6–12 middle and upper school campuses in nearby suburban fox chapel. other private institutions outside of pittsburgh's limits include north catholic high school and seton-la salle catholic high school. the city also has an extensive library system, both public and university. most notable are the carnegie library of pittsburgh and the university of pittsburgh's university library system, which rank as the ninth-largest public and 18th-largest academic libraries in the nation, respectively. media[edit] main articles: media in pittsburgh, list of films shot in pittsburgh, and list of television shows shot in pittsburgh newspapers[edit] kdka-am's studios at gateway center there are two major daily newspapers in pittsburgh: the pittsburgh post-gazette and the pittsburgh tribune-review online only (no longer in print for pittsburgh area). weekly papers in the region include the pittsburgh business times, pittsburgh city paper, pittsburgh catholic, pittsburgh jewish chronicle, the new people, and the new pittsburgh courier. independent student-written university-based newspapers include the pitt news of the university of pittsburgh, the tartan of carnegie mellon university, the duquesne duke of duquesne university, and the globe of point park university. the university o