ted a portion of the besieging force at the battle of bushy run. bouquet strengthened the defenses of fort pitt the next year. during this period, the powerful nations of the iroquois confederacy, based in new york, had maintained control of much of the ohio valley as hunting grounds by right of conquest after defeating other tribes. by the terms of the 1768 treaty of fort stanwix, the penns were allowed to purchase the modern region from the iroquois. a 1769 survey referenced the future city as the "manor of pittsburgh". both the colony of virginia and the province of pennsylvania claimed the region under their colonial charters until 1780, when they agreed under a federal initiative to extend the mason–dixon line westward, placing pittsburgh in pennsylvania. on march 8, 1771, bedford county, pennsylvania was created to govern the frontier. on april 16, 1771, the city's first civilian local government was created as pitt township. william teagarden was the first constable, and william troop was the first clerk. following the american revolution, the village of pittsburgh continued to grow. one of its earliest industries was boat building for settlers of the ohio country. in 1784, thomas vickroy completed a town plan which was approved by the penn family attorney. pittsburgh became a possession of pennsylvania in 1785. the following year, the pittsburgh post-gazette was started, and in 1787, the pittsburgh academy was chartered. unrest during the whiskey rebellion of 1794 resulted in federal troops being sent to the area. by 1797, glass manufacture began, while the population grew to around 1,400. settlers arrived after crossing the appalachian mountains or through the great lakes. fort pitt (now pittsburgh) at the source of the ohio river became the main base for settlers moving into the northwest territory. 19th century[edit] further information: pennsylvania in the american civil war the monongahela river and its surroundings in 1857lithograph of pittsburgh by otto krebs (before 1874) the federal government recognizes pittsburgh as the starting point for the lewis and clark expedition. preparations began in pittsburgh in 1803 when meriwether lewis purchased a keelboat that would later be used to ascend the missouri river. the war of 1812 cut

off the supply of british goods, stimulating american industry. by 1815, pittsburgh was producing significant quantities of iron, brass, tin, and glass. on march 18, 1816, the 46-year-old local government became a