-lying areas near the rivers or one of the 1,400 creeks and streams may have occasional floods, such as those caused when the remnants of hurricane ivan hit rainfall records in 2004. river flooding is relatively rare due to federal flood control efforts extensively managing locks, dams, and reservoirs. residents living near smaller tributary streams are less protected from occasional flooding. the cost of a comprehensive flood control program for the region has been estimated at a prohibitive $50 billion. pittsburgh has the greatest number of bars per capita in the nation. sports[edit] main article: sports in pittsburgh pittsburgh hosted the first professional football game and the first world series. college sports also have large followings with the university of pittsburgh in football and sharing division i basketball fans with robert morris and duquesne. pittsburgh has a long history with its major professional sports teams—the steelers of the national football league, the penguins of the national hockey league, and the pirates of major league baseball—which all share the same team colors, the official city colors of black and gold.[f] pittsburgh is the only city in the united states where this practice of sharing team colors in solidarity takes place. the black-and-gold color scheme has since become widely associated with the city and personified in its famous terrible towel. further, the pittsburgh riverhounds professional soccer team of the usl championship division wear black and gold colors. "rails to trails", has converted miles of former rail tracks to recreational trails, including a pittsburgh-washington d.c. bike/walking trail. several mountain biking trails are within the city and suburbs, frick park has biking trails and hartwood acres park has many miles of single track trails. professional[edit] major league team founded league sport venue championships pittsburgh pirates 1882 major league baseball (mlb) baseball pnc park 7[o 1] pittsburgh steelers 1933 national football league (nfl) football acrisure stadium 6[o 2] pittsburgh penguins 1967 national hockey league (nhl) hockey ppg paints arena 5[o 3] minor league/other team founded league sport venue championships pittsburgh riverhounds 1999 usl championship (uslc) soccer highmark stadium steel city yellow jackets 2014 aba basketball a giving heart community center 1 pittsburgh riveters 2024 usl w league (uslw) soccer highmark stadium ^ the pirates won championships in 1901, 1902, 1909, 19