ittsburgh is represented in the pennsylvania general assembly by three senate districts (lindsey williams (d)-38, wayne d. fontana (d)-42, and jay costa (d)-43) and nine house districts (aerion abney-19, emily kinkead-20, lindsay powell-21, dan frankel-23, la'tasha mayes-24, dan deasy-27, abigail salisbury-34, jessica benham-36, and john inglis-38). federally, pittsburgh is part of pennsylvania's 12th congressional district, represented by democrat summer lee since 2023. law enforcement[edit] law enforcement [edit] [ edit ] the area's largest law enforcement agency is the pittsburgh bureau of police, with close to 850 sworn officers. the city also has separate housing and school police departments. other agencies also provide police protection within the city because of overlapping jurisdictional boundaries. the allegheny county sheriff focuses on jail and courthouse security. the allegheny county police primarily patrols county-owned parks and airports, while providing detective/investigatory functions for smaller suburbs and the port authority police patrols rapid transit. pennsylvania state police troop b provides patrols for the city and immediate suburbs. the county's lead law enforcement officer is allegheny county district attorney stephen zappala while the allegheny county medical examiner heads forensics. crimes of a federal nature are covered by the u.s. attorney for western pennsylvania. crime[edit] crime [edit] [ edit ] pittsburgh annually ranks as one of america's safest big cities, in 2013 being named the 3rd "most secure" big city by farmers insurance. among crime rates of the 60 largest u.s. cities, 43 had more instances of property crime while 16 had less when compared to pittsburgh. more instances of violent crime were reported in 21 of the largest cities while 37 had less. the fbi recommends against using data for ranking. per 100,000 persons stats (2012): [ ] [ ] [ ] at the end of 2019, the pittsburgh bureau of police reported 37 murders in the city that year. [ ] in pittsburgh, the homicide rate for african americans is seven times the national average. some people believe that over-reliance on law enforcement exacerbates homicide rates. there is also concern regarding the effectiveness of law enforcement in solving these cases, as 97% of unsolved cases involved a black victim. this has led certain residents to believe law enforcement to be ineffective or apathetic. this is despite an increasing police budget. in 2023, members of the p