egie mellon university pittsburgh is home to many colleges, universities and research facilities, the most well-known of which are carnegie mellon university, the university of pittsburgh, and duquesne university. also in the city are carlow university, chatham university, point park university, the community college of allegheny county, pittsburgh theological seminary, reformed presbyterian theological seminary, and the pittsburgh institute of mortuary science. the campuses of carlow, carnegie mellon, and the university of pittsburgh are near each other in the oakland neighborhood that is the city's traditional cultural center. carnegie mellon university (cmu) is a private research university founded by andrew carnegie and andrew mellon. cmu contains the mellon college of science, school of computer science, college of engineering, school of business, heinz college, college of fine arts, writing, social and decision sciences, information systems, statistics, and psychology programs. the university of pittsburgh, established in 1787 and popularly referred to as "pitt", is a state-related school with one of the nation's largest research programs. pitt is known for the kenneth p. dietrich school of arts and sciences, university of pittsburgh graduate school of public and international affairs, university of pittsburgh school of information sciences, swanson school of engineering, university of pittsburgh college of business administration, university of pittsburgh school of law, university of pittsburgh school of medicine, university of pittsburgh school of social work, and other biomedical and health-related sciences. carlow university is a small private catholic university that while coeducational, has traditionally educated women. chatham university, a liberal arts college that was founded as a woman's college but became fully coeducational in 2015, is in the shadyside neighborhood, but also maintains a 388-acre (157 ha) eden hall farm campus in the north hills. duquesne university, a private catholic university in the bluff neighborhood and is noted for its song and dance troupe, the duquesne university tamburitzans, as well as programs in law, business, and pharmacy. point park university was founded in 1961 and is well known for its conservatory of performing arts and its pittsburgh playhouse. primary education[edit] further information: pittsburgh public schools taylor allderdice high school in pittsburgh in november 2006 pittsburgh public schools tea