ements, studies suggest pittsburgh's air quality still impacts health. a 2014 to 2016 study found that children near pollution sources like industrial sites had asthma rates nearly three times the national average. it also revealed that 38% of students lived in areas exceeding epa's particle pollution standards, and 70% in areas surpassing the who's standards. most affected communities were minority populations, leading some residents to believe that the continuing effects of air pollution are a case of environmental racism. as of 2005, pittsburgh had 31,000 trees along 900 miles of streets. a 2011 analysis valued the annual benefits of the city's urban forest between $10 and $13 million, based on contributions to aesthetics, energy use, and air quality. the city invests $850,000 annually in tree planting and maintenance. water quality[edit] local rivers in pittsburgh continue to exceed epa pollution limits, primarily due to frequently overflowing untreated sewage from the city's outdated infrastructure. pittsburgh's combined sewer system, built in the early 1900s, carries both stormwater and wastewater, with the treatment plant constructed in 1959. insufficient upgrades have led to public health concerns, as even a tenth of an inch of rain causes runoff to flow into rivers. nine billion gallons of untreated waste and stormwater flow into rivers per year, leading to health hazards and clean water act violations. the allegheny county sanitary authority (alcosan) is under a consent decree from the epa and proposed a $2 billion system upgrade in 2017, approved by the epa in 2019. the pittsburgh water and sewer authority (pwsa), responsible for replacing pipes and setting water rates, has faced criticism for alleged mismanagement and for high lead levels in the city's drinking water, particularly in 2016. while lead levels have risen for years, many residents blame pwsa's administrative changes for the spike. in response, pwsa began adding orthophosphate to the water. pwsa has also been working to replace lead pipes, and continuing to test water for lead. there remains concern among residents over the long-term effects of this lead, particularly for children. some people also believe that the high levels of lead reflect environmental racism, as black and hispanic children in pittsburgh experience elevated blood-lead levels at 4 times the rate of white children. demographics[edit] this section needs to be updated. please help update this article to reflect rece