ki and brian celio, who captures pittsburgh's "yinzer" dialect, contribute to the city's vibrant literary tradition. pittsburgh's unique literary style extends to playwrights, as well as local graffiti and hip hop artists. pittsburgh's position as the birthplace for community-owned television and networked commercial television helped spawn the modern children's show genres exemplified by mister rogers' neighborhood, where in the world is carmen sandiego?, happy's party, cappelli & company, and the children's corner, all nationally broadcast. the pittsburgh dad series has showcased the pittsburghese genre to a global youtube audience since 2011. the modern fantasy, macabre and science fiction genre was popularized by director george a. romero, television's bill cardille and his chiller theatre, director and writer rusty cundieff and makeup effects guru tom savini. the genre continues today with the parsec science fiction organization, the it's alive show, the annual "zombie fest", and several writer's workshops including write or die, pittsburgh southwrites, and pittsburgh worldwrights with barton paul levenson, kenneth chiacchia and elizabeth humphreys penrose. food[edit] a primanti bros. sandwich pittsburgh is known for several specialties including pierogies, kielbasa, chipped chopped ham sandwiches, and klondike bars. many restaurants were favorably mentioned, among them were superior motors in braddock, driftwood oven in lawrenceville, spork in bloomfield, fish nor fowl in garfield, bitter ends garden & luncheonette in bloomfield, and rolling pepperoni in lawrenceville. pittsburgh is home to the annual pickle-themed festival picklesburgh. local dialect[edit] main article: western pennsylvania english the pittsburgh english dialect, commonly called pittsburghese, was influenced by scots-irish, german, and eastern european immigrants and african americans. locals who speak the dialect are sometimes referred to as "yinzers" (from the local word "yinz" [var. yunz], a blended form of "you ones", similar to "y'all" and "you all" in the south). common pittsburghese terms are: "slippy" (slippery), "redd up" (clean up), "jagger bush" (thorn bush), and "gum bands" (rubber bands). the dialect is also notable for dropping the verb "to be". in pittsburghese one would say "the car needs washed" instead of "needs to be washed", "needs washing", or "needs a wash." the dialect has some tonal similarities to other nearby regional dialects of erie and baltimore but is n