carlow, carnegie mellon, and the university of pittsburgh are near each other in the oakland neighborhood that is the city's traditional cultural center. carnegie mellon university (cmu) is a private research university founded by andrew carnegie and andrew mellon. cmu contains the mellon college of science, school of computer science, college of engineering, school of business, heinz college, college of fine arts, writing, social and decision sciences, information systems, statistics, and psychology programs. the university of

pittsburgh, established in 1787 and popularly referred to as "pitt", is a state-related school with one of the nation's largest research programs. pitt is known for the kenneth p. dietrich school of arts and sciences, university of pittsburgh graduate school of public and international affairs, university of pittsburgh school of information sciences, swanson school of engineering, university of pittsburgh college of business administration, university of pittsburgh school of law, university of pittsburgh school of medicine, university of pittsburgh school of social work, and other biomedical and health-related sciences. carlow university is a small private catholic university that while coeducational, has traditionally educated women. chatham university, a liberal arts college that was founded as a woman's college but became fully coeducational in 2015, is in the shadyside neighborhood, but also maintains a 388-acre (157 ha) eden hall farm campus in the north hills. duquesne university, a private catholic university in the bluff neighborhood and is noted for its song and dance troupe, the duquesne university tamburitzans, as well as programs in law, business, and pharmacy. point park university was founded in 1961 and is well known for its conservatory of performing arts and its pittsburgh playhouse. primary education[edit] further information: pittsburgh public schools taylor allderdice high school in pittsburgh in november 2006 pittsburgh public schools teachers are paid well relative to their peers, ranking 17th in 2000 among the 100 largest cities by population for the highest minimum salary. in 2018, the starting teacher salary offered to teachers with a ba was $46,920. the maximum annual salary for a teacher with a master's degree was $95,254. local public schools include many charter and magnet schools, including city charter high school (computer and technology focused), pittsburgh montessori school (formerly homewood monte