el chabon, who writes about student and college life in pittsburgh. two-time pulitzer winner and recipient of the presidential medal of freedom, david mccullough, was born and raised in pittsburgh. pulitzer prize-winning author annie dillard, whose memoir an american childhood takes place in post-world war ii pittsburgh, also hails from the city. award-winning author john edgar wideman, who grew up in pittsburgh, has based several books in the city, including brothers and keepers. poet terrance hayes, winner of the 2010 national book award and a 2014 macarthur foundation fellow, earned his mfa at the university of pittsburgh and was a faculty member there. other local poets include michael simms, founder of autumn house press, and samuel john hazo, pennsylvania's first poet laureate. contemporary writers like kathleen tessaro, author of novels such as elegance, the perfume collector, and rare objects, and new authors including chris kuzneski and brian celio, who captures pittsburgh's "yinzer" dialect, contribute to the city's vibrant literary tradition. pittsburgh's unique literary style extends to playwrights, as well as local graffiti and hip hop artists. pittsburgh's position as the birthplace for community-owned television and networked commercial television helped spawn the modern children's show genres exemplified by mister rogers' neighborhood, where in the world is carmen sandiego?, happy's party, cappelli & company, and the children's corner, all nationally broadcast. the pittsburgh dad series has showcased the pittsburghese genre to a global youtube audience since 2011. the modern fantasy, macabre and science fiction genre was popularized by director george a. romero, television's bill cardille and his chiller theatre, director and writer rusty cundieff and makeup effects guru tom savini. the genre continues today with the parsec science fiction organization, the it's alive show, the annual "zombie fest", and several writer's workshops including write or die, pittsburgh southwrites, and pittsburgh worldwrights with barton paul levenson, kenneth chiacchia and elizabeth humphreys penrose. food[edit] a primanti bros. sandwich pittsburgh is known for several specialties including pierogies, kielbasa, chipped chopped ham sandwiches, and klondike bars. many restaurants were favorably mentioned, among them were superior motors in braddock, driftwood oven in lawrenceville, spork in bloomfield, fish nor fowl in garfield, bitter ends garden & luncheonette