jor league professional sports teams include the pittsburgh steelers, pittsburgh penguins, and pittsburgh pirates. pittsburgh is additionally where jehovah's witnesses traces its earliest origins, and was the host of the 2009 g20 pittsburgh summit. etymology[edit] main article: name of pittsburgh pittsburgh was named in 1758, by scottish general john forbes, in honor of british statesman william pitt, 1st earl of chatham. as forbes was a scotsman, he probably pronounced the name /ˈpɪtsbərə/ pits-bər-ə (similar to edinburgh). pittsburgh was incorporated as a borough on april 22, 1794, with the following act: "be it enacted by the pennsylvania state senate and pennsylvania house of representatives of the commonwealth of pennsylvania ... by the authority of the same, that the said town of pittsburgh shall be ... erected into a borough, which shall be called the borough of pittsburgh for ever." from 1891 to 1911, the city's name was federally recognized as "pittsburg", though use of the final h was retained during this period by the city government and other local organizations. after a public campaign, the federal decision to drop the h was reversed. the pittsburg press continued spelling the city without an h until 1921. history[edit] main article: history of pittsburgh for a chronological guide, see timeline of pittsburgh. historical claims kingdom of france 1690s–1763 great britain 1681–1781 united states 1776–present native americans[edit] the area of the ohio headwaters was long inhabited by the shawnee and several other settled groups of native americans. shannopin's town was an 18th-century lenape (delaware) town located roughly from where penn avenue is today, below the mouth of two mile run, from 30th street to 39th street. according to george croghan, the town was situated on the south bank of the allegheny, nearly opposite what is now known as washington's landing, formerly herr's island, in what is now the lawrenceville neighborhood.: 289 18th century[edit] further information: pennsylvania in the american revolution fort pitt block house, built by the british in 1764, is the oldest extant structure in pittsburgh. the first known european to enter the region was the french explorer robert de la salle from quebec during his 1669 expedition down the ohio river.[better source needed] european pioneers, primarily dutch, followed in the early 18th century. michael bezallion was the first to describe the forks of the ohio in a 1717 manuscript, and later