illion in economic activity that supports over 10,000 full-time equivalent jobs with nearly $34 million in local and state taxes raised. [ ] a leader in environmental design, the city is home to 60 total and 10 of the world's first green buildings while billions have been invested in the area's marcellus natural gas fields. a renaissance of pittsburgh's 116-year-old film industry—that boasts the world's first movie theater—has grown from the long-running three rivers film festival to an influx of major television and movie productions. including disney and paramount offices with the largest sound stage outside los angeles and new york city. [ ] [ ] pittsburgh has hosted many conventions, including inpex, the world's largest invention trade show, since 1984; tekko, a four-day anime convention, since 2003; anthrocon, a furry convention, since 2006; and the dug east energy trade show since 2009. [ ] arts and culture[edit] arts and culture [edit] [ edit ] main article: culture of pittsburgh entertainment[edit] entertainment [edit] [ edit ] pittsburgh boasts a rich arts and culture scene, with a history dating back to 19th-century industrialists who commissioned and donated public works including heinz hall for the performing arts and the benedum center, home to the pittsburgh symphony orchestra and pittsburgh opera. other prominent groups include the river city brass band and pittsburgh youth symphony orchestra. the city also hosts a variety of smaller arts organizations, such as pittsburgh irish and classical theatre, quantum theatre, the renaissance and baroque society of pittsburgh, and chatham baroque, an early music ensemble. university choirs include the pitt men's glee club and heinz chapel choir. the pittsburgh ballet theatre and pittsburgh dance council offer diverse dance events, while polka, folk, square, and round dancing are celebrated by the duquesne university tamburitzans, a multicultural academy dedicated to folk traditions. pittsburgh is also a popular filming location, with major productions like the dark knight rises filmed in downtown, oakland, and the north shore. the city is also recognized as the birthplace of the modern zombie film genre after george a. romero's 1968 film night of the living dead. [ ] [ ] major art museums include the andy warhol museum, the carnegie museum of art, the frick pittsburgh, pittsburgh center for the arts, the mattress factory, and the carnegie museum of natural history, which holds extensive dinosaur, mine