how, the annual "zombie fest", and several writer's workshops including write or die, pittsburgh southwrites, and pittsburgh worldwrights with barton paul levenson, kenneth chiacchia and elizabeth humphreys penrose. food[edit] a primanti bros. sandwich pittsburgh is known for several specialties including pierogies, kielbasa, chipped chopped ham sandwiches, and klondike bars. many restaurants were favorably mentioned, among them were superior motors in braddock, driftwood oven in lawrenceville, spork in bloomfield, fish nor fowl in garfield, bitter ends garden & luncheonette in bloomfield, and rolling pepperoni in lawrenceville. pittsburgh is home to the annual pickle-themed festival picklesburgh. local dialect[edit] main article: western pennsylvania english the pittsburgh english dialect, commonly called pittsburghese, was influenced by scots-irish, german, and eastern european immigrants and african americans. locals who speak the dialect are sometimes referred to as "yinzers" (from the local word "yinz" [var. yunz], a blended form of "you ones", similar to "y'all" and "you all" in the south). common

pittsburghese terms are: "slippy" (slippery), "redd up" (clean up), "jagger bush" (thorn bush), and "gum bands" (rubber bands). the dialect is also notable for dropping the verb "to be". in pittsburghese one would say "the car needs washed" instead of "needs to be washed", "needs washing", or "needs a wash." the dialect has some tonal similarities to other nearby regional dialects of erie and baltimore but is noted for its somewhat staccato rhythms. the staccato qualities of the dialect are thought to originate either from welsh or other european languages. the many local peculiarities have prompted the new york times to describe pittsburgh as "the galapagos islands of american dialect". the lexicon itself contains notable loans from polish and other european languages; examples include babushka, pierogi, and halušky. livability[edit] the frick environmental center at frick park pittsburgh has five city parks and several parks managed by the nature conservancy. the largest, frick park, provides 664 acres (269 ha) of woodland park with extensive hiking and biking trails throughout steep valleys and wooded slopes. birding enthusiasts visit the clayton hill area of frick park, where over 100 species of birds have been recorded. residents living in extremely low-lying areas near the rivers or one of the 1,400 creeks and streams may have occasional floods, such