seum is one of the four carnegie museums of pittsburgh. major art museums include the andy warhol museum, the carnegie museum of art, the frick pittsburgh, pittsburgh center for the arts, the mattress factory, and the carnegie museum of natural history, which holds extensive dinosaur, mineral, and egyptian collections. the kamin science center and associated sportsworks offer interactive technology and science exhibits. the heinz history center, a smithsonian affiliate, provides regional history in the strip district, while the fort pitt museum is located in point state park. the soldiers and sailors memorial hall and museum houses military exhibits, and the children's museum of pittsburgh features interactive exhibits for kids. the eclectic bayernhof music museum is located six miles (9 km) from downtown, while the clemente museum is in lawrenceville. the cathedral of learning's nationality rooms showcase pre-19th-century learning environments, and architectural tours are available in many neighborhoods. downtown's cultural district hosts quarterly gallery crawls and the annual three rivers arts festival. pittsburgh also has art galleries such as the miller gallery at carnegie mellon university, university art gallery of the university of pittsburgh, the american jewish museum, and the wood street galleries. pittsburgh is home to the pittsburgh zoo & aquarium, phipps conservatory and botanical gardens, and the national aviary, all over a century old. kennywood, a classic amusement park, is located in west mifflin, and the rivers casino is on the north shore along the ohio river, just west of kamin science center and acrisure stadium. pittsburgh hosts anthrocon, one of the world's largest furry conventions, which has been held annually at the david l. lawrence convention center since 2006. in 2024, the event attracted over 17,000 visitors and has generated a cumulative economic impact of $53 million over 11 years. additionally, the reality show dance moms is filmed at pittsburgh's abby lee dance company. music[edit] pittsburgh has a long tradition of jazz, blues, and bluegrass music. the national negro opera company was founded in the city as the first all-african american opera company in the u.s., helping launch the careers of african-american opera stars like leontyne price. pittsburgh also shaped 20th-century music with influential figures like billy strayhorn, who grew up in the city, and pianist-composer mary lou williams, who honored her hometown wi