a combination of suburbanization and economic turbulence resulted in a decrease in city population, even as the metropolitan area population increased again. 21st century[edit] during the late 2000s recession, pittsburgh was economically strong, adding jobs when most cities were losing them. it was one of the few cities in the united states to see housing property values rise. between 2006 and 2011, the pittsburgh metropolitan statistical area (msa) experienced over 10% appreciation in housing prices, the highest appreciation of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas in the united states, with 22 of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas experiencing depreciations in housing values. in september 2009, the 2009 g20 pittsburgh summit was held in pittsburgh. geography[edit] see also: pittsburgh metropolitan area § regional identity the duquesne incline from mount washington pittsburgh has an area of 58.3 square miles (151 km2), of which 55.6 square miles (144 km2) is land and 2.8 square miles (7.3 km2), or 4.75%, is water. the 80th meridian west passes directly through the city's downtown. the city is located on the allegheny plateau, within the ecoregion of the western allegheny plateau. the downtown area (also known as the golden triangle) sits where the allegheny river flows from the northeast and the monongahela river from the southeast to form the ohio river. the convergence is at point state park and is referred to as "the point." the city extends east to include the oakland and shadyside sections, which are home to the university of pittsburgh, carnegie mellon university, chatham university, carnegie museum and library, and many other educational, medical, and cultural institutions. the southern, western, and northern areas of the city are primarily residential. many pittsburgh neighborhoods are steeply sloped with two-lane roads. more than a quarter of neighborhood names make reference to "hills," "heights," or similar features.[a] the steps of pittsburgh consist of 800 sets of outdoor public stairways with 44,645 treads and 24,090 vertical feet. they include hundreds of streets composed entirely of stairs, and many other steep streets with stairs for sidewalks. many provide vistas of the pittsburgh area while attracting hikers and fitness walkers. bike and walking trails have been built to border many of the city's rivers and hollows. the great allegheny passage and chesapeake and ohio canal towpath connect the city directly to downtown