code orange, who were nominated for a grammy. the city was also home to the highly influential math rock band don caballero. pittsburgh also had an influential electronic music subculture in the 1990s, with origins similar to internet chatroom-based movements across the united states. pittsburgh promoters and djs organized raves in warehouses, ice rinks, barns, and fields which eventually attracted thousands of attendees. djs adam beyer and richie hawtin played at local raves. one notable figure, drum and bass dj dieselboy, emerged from this scene. since 2012, the hot mass after-hours electronic music dance party has been a key part of pittsburgh's electronic music scene, noted for its european nightclub vibe. electronic artist yaeji has credited hot mass as a formative influence during her time at carnegie mellon university. hellbender vinyl, a vinyl record manufacturing company, is located in pittsburgh. theatre[edit] main article: theatre in pittsburgh benedum center the city's first play was produced at the old courthouse in 1803 and the first theater built in 1812. collegiate companies include the university of pittsburgh's repertory theatre and kuntu repertory theatre, point park university's resident companies at its pittsburgh playhouse, and carnegie mellon university's school of drama productions and scotch'n'soda organization. the duquesne university red masquers, founded in 1912, are the oldest, continuously producing theater company in pennsylvania.[citation needed] the city's longest-running theater show, friday nite improvs, is an improv jam that has been performed in the cathedral of learning and other locations for 20 years. the pittsburgh new works festival utilizes local theater companies to stage productions of original one-act plays by playwrights from all parts of the country. similarly, future ten showcases new ten-minute plays. saint vincent summer theatre, off the wall productions, mountain playhouse, the theatre factory, and stage right! in nearby latrobe, carnegie, jennerstown, trafford, and greensburg, respectively, employ pittsburgh actors and contribute to the culture of the region. pittsburgh is well known for being home to the late playwright august wilson. the august wilson house now remains in pittsburgh to celebrate the life and work of august wilson, continue to produce his plays, and serve as an arts center for the hill district, where wilson was from. literature[edit] see also: list of fiction set in pittsburgh, list of