07.3 fm (urban contemporary) wbzz 100.7 fm (adult contemporary), wdve 102.5 fm (album rock), wpgb 104.7 fm (country), and wxdx 105.9 fm (modern rock). there are also three public radio stations in the area: wesa 90.5 fm (national public radio affiliate), wqed 89.3 fm (classical), and wyep 91.3 fm (adult alternative). three non-commercial stations are run by carnegie mellon university (wrct 88.3 fm), the university of pittsburgh (wpts 92.1 fm), and point park university (wppj 670 am). film[edit] pittsburgh's 116-year-old film industry accelerated after the 2006 passage of the pennsylvania film production tax credit. according to the pittsburgh film office, over 124 major motion pictures have been filmed, in whole or in part, in pittsburgh, including the mothman prophecies, wonder boys, dogma, hoffa, the silence of the lambs, sudden death, flashdance, southpaw, striking distance, mrs. soffel, jack reacher, inspector gadget, the next three days, the perks of being a wallflower, zack and miri make a porno, and fences. pittsburgh became "gotham city" in 2011 during filming of the dark knight rises. george a. romero shot nearly all his films in the area, including his living dead series. from 2017 to 2023, pittsburgh welcomed a series of major film and television productions like fences, mindhunter, ma rainey's black bottom, sweet girl, and i'm your woman, significantly contributing to the local economy. film production in pittsburgh has notably impacted the region's economy and job creation, largely due to the 25% tax credit incentive established in 2007. the pittsburgh film office states that the film and television industry provides employment to over 10,000 people and pays over $500 million in wages in southwestern pennsylvania. furthermore, the industry supports over 345,000 local businesses and contributes over $41 billion to them. pittsburgh is home to several film festivals, film schools, and organizations that encourage and promote independent and diverse filmmakers. notable film festivals include the three rivers film festival, the pittsburgh shorts film festival, the jfilm festival, the reelabilities film festival, and the black bottom film festival. the local film schools include pittsburgh filmmakers, point park university - cinema & digital arts, and university of pittsburgh - film studies. moreover, pittsburgh is developing a robust film studio infrastructure, with several sound stages and production facilities available for hire. prominent film s