health and safety, in effort to holistically improve the social pressures supposedly causing violence in pittsburgh. some people do not believe these efforts to be adequate. certain studies, such as conducted by the police scorecard, rate the pittsburgh police department at 37% quality (with 100% being the best). they rated pittsburgh below the 50th percentile in the categories "police budget cost per person," "fines / forefeitures," "police presence/over-policing (officers per population)," "force used per arrest," "racial disparities in deadly force," "excessive force complaints upheld," "discrimination complaints upheld," "criminal misconduct complaints upheld," "arrest rate for low level offenses," and "racial disparities in drug arrests." this is 10 out of 15 categories. education[edit] colleges and universities[edit] see also: list of colleges and universities in pittsburgh cathedral of learning at the university of pittsburghmain campus of carnegie mellon university pittsburgh is home to many colleges, universities and research facilities, the most well-known of which are carnegie mellon university, the university of pittsburgh, and duquesne university. also in the city are carlow university, chatham university, point park university, the community college of allegheny county, pittsburgh theological seminary, reformed presbyterian theological seminary, and the pittsburgh institute of mortuary science. the campuses of carlow, carnegie mellon, and the university of pittsburgh are near each other in the oakland neighborhood that is the city's traditional cultural center. carnegie mellon university (cmu) is a private research university founded by andrew carnegie and andrew mellon. cmu contains the mellon college of science, school of computer science, college of engineering, school of business, heinz college, college of fine arts, writing, social and decision sciences, information systems, statistics, and psychology programs. the university of pittsburgh, established in 1787 and popularly referred to as "pitt", is a state-related school with one of the nation's largest research programs. pitt is known for the kenneth p. dietrich school of arts and sciences, university of pittsburgh graduate school of public and international affairs, university of pittsburgh school of information sciences, swanson school of engineering, university of pittsburgh college of business administration, university of pittsburgh school of law, university of pittsburgh school o