ay nite improvs, is an improv jam that has been performed in the cathedral of learning and other locations for 20 years. the pittsburgh new works festival utilizes local theater companies to stage productions of original one-act plays by playwrights from all parts of the country. similarly, future ten showcases new ten-minute plays. saint vincent summer theatre, off the wall productions, mountain playhouse, the theatre factory, and stage right! in nearby latrobe, carnegie, jennerstown, trafford, and greensburg, respectively, employ pittsburgh actors and contribute to the culture of the region. [ ] [ ] citation needed pittsburgh is well known for being home to the late playwright august wilson. the august wilson house now remains in pittsburgh to celebrate the life and work of august wilson, continue to produce his plays, and serve as an arts center for the hill district, where wilson was from. [ ] [ ] literature[edit] literature [edit] [ edit ] see also: list of fiction set in pittsburgh, list of films shot in pittsburgh, and list of television shows shot in pittsburgh pittsburgh is the birthplace of notable writers such as gertrude stein and rachel carson, a chatham university graduate from the suburb of springdale, pennsylvania. modern writers include pulitzer prize-winning playwright august wilson, as well as michael chabon, who writes about student and college life in pittsburgh. two-time pulitzer winner and recipient of the presidential medal of freedom, david mccullough, was born and raised in pittsburgh. pulitzer prize-winning author annie dillard, whose memoir an american childhood takes place in post-world war ii pittsburgh, also hails from the city. [ ] [ ] [ ] award-winning author john edgar wideman, who grew up in pittsburgh, has based several books in the city, including brothers and keepers. poet terrance hayes, winner of the 2010 national book award and a 2014 macarthur foundation fellow, earned his mfa at the university of pittsburgh and was a faculty member there. other local poets include michael simms, founder of autumn house press, and samuel john hazo, pennsylvania's first poet laureate. contemporary writers like kathleen tessaro, author of novels such as elegance, the perfume collector, and rare objects, and new authors including chris kuzneski and brian celio, who captures pittsburgh's "yinzer" dialect, contribute to the city's vibrant literary tradition. pittsburgh's unique literary style extends to playwrights, as well as local gra