85), the world's first heart-liver-kidney transplant (1989), the world's first heart-liver transplant on an infant (1997), the first pediatric heart-double lung-liver transplant (1998), the nation's first double hand transplant (2009), and the first total forearm and hand transplant (2010), as well as the state's first heart transplant (1968). the lancet published a 2012 upmc study of two 9-year quadriplegics being able to move a robotic arm by thought, to pick up objects, shake hands, and even eat. wiring the brain around spine damage to restore arm and leg muscle function was successful using robotic arms controlled via an embedded computer to translate signals near a small group of neurons with 200 needles. transportation[edit] main article: transportation in pittsburgh aerial view of some of pittsburgh's numerous bridges pittsburgh is a city of bridges. with 446, it has three bridges more than venice, italy, which has historically held the title "city of bridges". around 40 bridges cross the three rivers near the city. the smithfield street bridge was the world's first lenticular truss bridge. the city's three sisters bridges offer a picturesque view of the city from the north. the southwestern "entrance" to downtown for travelers coming in from interstate 79 and the pittsburgh international airport is through the fort pitt tunnel and over the fort pitt bridge. the fort duquesne bridge carrying interstate 279 is the main gateway from downtown to both pnc park, acrisure stadium and the rivers casino. the panhandle bridge carries pittsburgh regional transit's blue/red/silver subway lines across the monongahela river. the renovated j&l steel company bridge has been a key traffic/running-biking trail conduit connecting the southside works and pittsburgh technology center. over 2,000 bridges span the landscape of allegheny county. public transportation statistics[edit] pittsburgh is served by pittsburgh regional transit, the 26th-largest transit agency in the country prior to the covid-19 pandemic. the average amount of time people spend commuting with public transit in pittsburgh, for example to and from work, on a weekday is 73 minutes, while 23% of public transit riders ride for more than two hours every day. the average amount of time people wait at a stop or station for public transit is 17 minutes, while 33% of riders wait for over 20 minutes on average every day. the average distance people usually ride in a single trip with public transit is 3.9 mi