dialect has some tonal similarities to other nearby regional dialects of erie and baltimore but is noted for its somewhat staccato rhythms. the staccato qualities of the dialect are thought to originate either from welsh or other european languages. the many local peculiarities have prompted the new york times to describe pittsburgh as "the galapagos islands of american dialect". the lexicon itself contains notable loans from polish and other european languages; examples include babushka, pierogi, and halušky. livability[edit] the frick environmental center at frick park pittsburgh has five city parks and several parks managed by the nature conservancy. the largest, frick park, provides 664 acres (269 ha) of woodland park with extensive hiking and biking trails throughout steep valleys and wooded slopes. birding enthusiasts visit the clayton hill area of frick park, where over 100 species of birds have been recorded. residents living in extremely low-lying areas near the rivers or one of the 1,400 creeks and streams may have occasional floods, such as those caused when the remnants of hurricane ivan hit rainfall records in 2004. river flooding is relatively rare due to federal flood control efforts extensively managing locks, dams, and reservoirs. residents living near smaller tributary streams are less protected from occasional flooding. the cost of a comprehensive flood control program for the region has been estimated at a prohibitive $50 billion. pittsburgh has the greatest number of bars per capita in the nation. sports[edit] main article: sports in pittsburgh pittsburgh hosted the first professional football game and the first world series.

college sports also have large followings with the university of pittsburgh in football and sharing division i basketball fans with robert morris and duquesne. pittsburgh has a long history with its major professional sports teams—the steelers of the national football league, the penguins of the national hockey league, and the pirates of major league baseball—which all share the same team colors, the official city colors of black and gold.[f] pittsburgh is the only city in the united states where this practice of sharing team colors in solidarity takes place. the black-and-gold color scheme has since become widely associated with the city and personified in its famous terrible towel. further, the pittsburgh riverhounds professional soccer team of the usl championship division wear black and gold colors. "rails to