legheny river flows from the northeast and the monongahela river from the southeast to form the ohio river. the convergence is at point state park and is referred to as "the point." the city extends east to include the oakland and shadyside sections, which are home to the university of pittsburgh, carnegie mellon university, chatham university, carnegie museum and library, and many other educational, medical, and cultural institutions. the southern, western, and northern areas of the city are primarily residential. many pittsburgh neighborhoods are steeply sloped with two-lane roads. more than a quarter of neighborhood names make reference to "hills," "heights," or similar features.[a] the steps of pittsburgh consist of 800 sets of outdoor public stairways with 44,645 treads and 24,090 vertical feet. they include hundreds of streets composed entirely of stairs, and many other steep streets with stairs for sidewalks. many provide vistas of the pittsburgh area while attracting hikers and fitness walkers. bike and walking trails have been built to border many of the city's rivers and hollows. the great allegheny passage and chesapeake and ohio canal towpath connect the city directly to downtown washington, d.c. (some 335 miles [539 km] away) with a continuous bike/running trail. cityscape[edit] main articles: downtown pittsburgh, north side (pittsburgh), south side (pittsburgh), and west end (pittsburgh) see also: list of pittsburgh neighborhoods, list of tallest buildings in pittsburgh, list of city of pittsburgh historic designations, and list of pittsburgh history and landmarks foundation historic landmarks pittsburgh's 90 distinct

neighborhoods east carson street in the south side flats shadyside neighborhood the city consists of the downtown area, called the golden triangle, and four main areas surrounding it—central, north side/north hills, south side/south hills, east end, and west end. these areas are further divided into 90 neighborhoods. downtown pittsburgh has 30 skyscrapers, nine over 500 feet (150 m), with the u.s. steel tower being the tallest at 841 ft (256 m). the cultural district spans 14 blocks along the allegheny river and is home to theaters, arts venues, and a growing residential community. the firstside portion of downtown borders the monongahela river, the historic mon wharf and hosts the distinctive ppg place gothic-style glass skyscraper complex. downtown is served by the port authority's light rail system and multiple bridges leadi