n station, via the capitol limited between chicago and washington, d.c., and the pennsylvanian to new york city. megabus, greyhound lines, and fullington trailways connect pittsburgh with distant cities by bus; greyhound and fullington trailways buses stop at the grant street transportation center intercity bus terminal. popular destinations include philadelphia, new york city, and washington, d.c. until declines in passenger travel in the 1950s and 1960s, several stations served pittsburgh: baltimore & ohio station, pittsburgh & lake erie railroad station, wabash pittsburgh terminal and pittsburgh union station. regional mass transit[edit] main articles: pittsburgh light rail and port authority of allegheny county § bus rapid transit steel plaza subway station pittsburgh regional transit, formerly known as the port authority of allegheny county, is the region's mass transit system. while serving only a portion of the pittsburgh area, the nation's 20th-largest metropolitan area, it is the 11th-largest transit agency in the united states. pittsburgh regional transit runs a network of intracity and intercity bus routes, the monongahela incline funicular railway (more commonly known as an "incline") on mount washington, a light rail system that runs mostly above-ground in the suburbs and underground as a subway in the city, and one of the nation's largest busway systems. pittsburgh regional transit owns the duquesne incline but it is operated by a non-profit preservation trust, but accepts pittsburgh regional transit passes and charges prt fares. the bus system lines are labeled by number and letter. these are the largest portion of pittsburgh regional transit and serve on streets and designated busways. buses serve most of the county, extending as far as pittsburgh international airport, monroeville, mccandless, and the borders of westmoreland county and beaver county, pennsylvania. meanwhile, the light rail system (commonly known as the "t") runs along both new tracks and those refurbished from the streetcar era. the light rail runs from acrisure stadium to south hills village and library, taking commuters through one of two routes: one which serves castle shannon, mt. lebanon, and beechview, and the other is an express line using railways through overbrook. freight rail[edit] union station, built in 1903 pittsburgh's rail industry dates to 1851 when the pennsylvania railroad first opened service between the pittsburgh and philadelphia. the baltimore and oh