quesne university which borders uptown. [ ] [ ] the north side, originally the independent allegheny city until being annexed in 1907, is a primarily residential area with well-preserved 19th-century homes. it hosts attractions like acrisure stadium, pnc park, the andy warhol museum, and the national aviary, among others. [ ] the south side, once home to railyards and mill workers, has seen revitalization with improvements to east carson street and new retail. it is now a vibrant neighborhood with diverse shopping and nightlife. in the 1990s, the urban redevelopment authority of pittsburgh purchased the south side works steel mill property and redeveloped it into the southside works mixed-use development. [ ] the east end includes key institutions including the university of pittsburgh, carnegie mellon university, carnegie museums of art and natural history, and phipps conservatory. it features many parks, including mellon park, westinghouse park, schenley park, frick park, the frick pittsburgh, bakery square, and the pittsburgh zoo, and vibrant neighborhoods like shadyside. squirrel hill is also known as the hub of jewish life in pittsburgh, home to approximately 20 synagogues. oakland is home to several universities and the petersen events center. the strip district to the west along the allegheny river is an open-air marketplace by day and a clubbing destination by night. bloomfield is pittsburgh's little italy and is known for its italian restaurants and grocers. lawrenceville is a revitalizing rowhouse neighborhood popular with artists and designers. the hill district was home to photographer charles harris as well as various african-american jazz clubs. [ ] [ ] the west end includes mt. washington, with its famous view of the downtown skyline, and numerous other residential neighborhoods such as sheraden and elliott. regional identity[edit] regional identity [edit] [ edit ] main article: pittsburgh metropolitan area [ ] [ ] pittsburgh falls within the borders of the northeastern united states as defined by multiple us government agencies. pittsburgh is the principal city of the pittsburgh combined statistical area, a combined statistical area defined by the u.s. census bureau. pittsburgh falls

within the borders of appalachia as defined by the appalachian regional commission, and has long been characterized as the "northern urban industrial anchor of appalachia." in its post-industrial state, pittsburgh has been characterized as the "paris of appala