live on campus, but many upperclassmen and graduate students discover their home away from home in nearby neighborhoods. from the tree-lined streets of shadyside and the bustling eateries of squirrel hill to the academic and cultural hub of oakland, each area offers its own unique character and conveniences.a major perk? pittsburgh's housing affordability. according to apartments.com, the average rent in the city is 15% lower than the national average, stretching your budget further.ready to find your perfect spot? explore these resources:off-campus housing marketplace: a curated platform connecting cmu students with local housing options.graduate student housing faq: essential information to guide your housing search as a grad student. find your home in local neighborhoodsall first-year cmu undergraduate students live on campus, but many upperclassmen and graduate students discover their home away from home in nearby neighborhoods. from the tree-lined streets of shadyside and the bustling eateries of squirrel hill to the academic and cultural hub of oakland, each area offers its own unique character and conveniences.a major perk? pittsburgh's housing affordability. according to apartments.com, the average rent in the city is 15% lower than the national average, stretching your budget further.ready to find your perfect spot? explore these resources:off-campus housing marketplace: a curated platform connecting cmu students with local housing options.graduate student housing faq: essential information to guide your housing search as a grad student. find your home in local neighborhoodsall first-year cmu undergraduate students live on campus, but many upperclassmen and graduate students discover their home away from home in nearby neighborhoods. from the tree-lined streets of shadyside and the bustling eateries of squirrel hill to the academic and cultural hub of oakland, each area offers its own unique character and conveniences.a major perk? pittsburgh's housing affordability. according to apartments.com, the average rent in the city is 15% lower than the national average, stretching your budget further.ready to find your perfect spot? explore these resources:off-campus housing marketplace: a curated platform connecting cmu students with local housing options.graduate student housing faq: essential information to guide your housing search as a grad student. find your home in local neighborhoods all first-year cmu undergraduate students live on campus, but m