er to support the next big idea. robotics and software engineering are the city's tech cornerstones, attracting global giants and nurturing homegrown success stories. google, uber, microsoft and apple have all established significant presences here, while an ever-expanding galaxy of tech startups — including language-learning phenomenon duolingo and fashion innovator modcloth — trace their roots back to carnegie mellon university. a tech hub nearly 300,000 professionals power pittsburgh's booming tech industries. opportunities multiply through startup accelerators, networking events and an innovative community eager to support the next big idea. robotics and software engineering are the city's tech cornerstones, attracting global giants and nurturing homegrown success stories. google, uber, microsoft and apple have all established significant presences here, while an ever-expanding galaxy of tech startups — including language-learning phenomenon duolingo and fashion innovator modcloth — trace their roots back to carnegie mellon university. a tech hub nearly 300,000 professionals power pittsburgh's booming tech industries. opportunities multiply through startup accelerators,

networking events and an innovative community eager to support the next big idea. robotics and software engineering are the city's tech cornerstones, attracting global giants and nurturing homegrown success stories. google, uber, microsoft and apple have all established significant presences here, while an ever-expanding galaxy of tech startups — including language-learning phenomenon duolingo and fashion innovator modcloth — trace their roots back to carnegie mellon university. a tech hub nearly 300,000 professionals power pittsburgh's booming tech industries. opportunities multiply through startup accelerators, networking events and an innovative community eager to support the next big idea. robotics and software engineering are the city's tech cornerstones, attracting global giants and nurturing homegrown success stories. google, uber, microsoft and apple have all established significant presences here, while an ever-expanding galaxy of tech startups — including language-learning phenomenon duolingo and fashion innovator modcloth — trace their roots back to carnegie mellon university. hear from cmu students about life in pittsburgh hear from cmu students about life in pittsburgh free admission with the cmu arts pass your cmu student id is more than just campus access — it's your key