d healthcare leaders, pittsburgh contains a wealth of internship and professional opportunities. as a cmu tartan, you'll be at the heart of this energetic environment, surrounded by like-minded peers and industry pioneers. but that's just the beginning of what makes our city shine.spend your weekends exploring world-class museums, historic music venues and award-winning restaurants. or perhaps you’d rather bike along the riverfront trails, hike in nearby parks or cheer on our champion sports teams. whatever your lifestyle, it’s easy to make pittsburgh your home, too. where is carnegie mellon university?cmu is proud to call pittsburgh, pennsylvania home. the city provides an unbeatable combination of affordability and opportunity for our students and staff. with a cost of living at the national average, a thriving innovation ecosystem, and rich cultural offering, the steel city is an ideal place to study and launch your career.home to cutting-edge startups, tech giants and healthcare leaders, pittsburgh contains a wealth of internship and professional opportunities. as a cmu tartan, you'll be at the heart of this energetic environment, surrounded by like-minded peers and industry pioneers. but that's just the beginning of what makes our city shine.spend your weekends exploring world-class museums, historic music venues and award-winning restaurants. or perhaps you’d rather bike along the riverfront trails, hike in nearby parks or cheer on our champion sports teams. whatever your lifestyle, it’s easy to make pittsburgh your home, too. where is carnegie mellon university? cmu is proud to call pittsburgh, pennsylvania home. the city provides an unbeatable combination of affordability and opportunity for our students and staff. with a cost of living at the national average, a thriving innovation ecosystem, and rich cultural offering, the steel city is an ideal place to study and launch your career. home to cutting-edge startups, tech giants and healthcare leaders, pittsburgh contains a wealth of internship and professional opportunities. as a cmu tartan, you'll be at the heart of this energetic environment, surrounded by like-minded peers and industry pioneers. but that's just the beginning of what makes our city shine. spend your weekends exploring world-class museums, historic music venues and award-winning restaurants. or perhaps you’d rather bike along the riverfront trails, hike in nearby parks or cheer on our champion sports teams. whatever your lifestyle