e lush trails, bike along the three rivers or kayak on urban waterways. pittsburgh's green spaces and waterways await your exploration. cultural district experience premier performances — symphony, opera, ballet, musicals and more — in stunning, historic venues. cultural district cultural district cultural district experience premier performances — symphony, opera, ballet, musicals and more — in stunning, historic venues. experience premier performances — symphony, opera, ballet, musicals and more — in stunning, historic venues. sports teams feel the energy as you cheer on our legendary teams. whether it's penguins ice hockey, pirates baseball, riverhounds soccer or steelers football, game day is always electric. sports teams sports teams sports teams feel the energy as you cheer on our legendary teams. whether it's penguins ice hockey, pirates baseball, riverhounds soccer or steelers football, game day is always electric. feel the energy as you cheer on our legendary teams. whether it's penguins ice hockey, pirates baseball, riverhounds soccer or steelers football, game day is always electric. zoo and aquarium experience animals up close at one of only six major combined zoo and aquarium complexes in the country. zoo and aquarium zoo and aquarium zoo and aquarium experience animals up close at one of only six major combined zoo and aquarium complexes in the country. experience animals up close at one of only six major combined zoo and aquarium complexes in the country. find your home in local neighborhoodsall first-year cmu undergraduate students live on campus, but many upperclassmen and graduate students discover their home away from home in nearby neighborhoods. from the tree-lined streets of shadyside and the bustling eateries of squirrel hill to the academic and cultural hub of oakland, each area offers its own unique character and conveniences.a major perk? pittsburgh's housing affordability. according to apartments.com, the average rent in the city is 15% lower than the national average, stretching your budget further.ready to find your perfect spot? explore these resources:off-campus housing marketplace: a curated platform connecting cmu students with local housing options.graduate student housing faq: essential information to guide your housing search as a grad student. find your home in local neighborhoodsall first-year cmu undergraduate students live on campus, but many upperclassmen and graduate students discover their home away from home in n