rt. hike, bike, row hike lush trails, bike along the three rivers or kayak on urban waterways. pittsburgh's green spaces and waterways await your exploration. cultural district experience premier performances — symphony, opera, ballet, musicals and more — in stunning, historic venues. sports teams feel the energy as you cheer on our legendary teams. whether it's penguins ice hockey, pirates baseball, riverhounds soccer or steelers football, game day is always electric. zoo and aquarium experience animals up close at one of only six major combined zoo and aquarium complexes in the country. find your home in local neighborhoodsall first-year cmu undergraduate students live on campus, but many upperclassmen and graduate students discover their home away from home in nearby neighborhoods. from the tree-lined streets of shadyside and the bustling eateries of squirrel hill to the academic and cultural hub of oakland, each area offers its own unique character and conveniences.a major perk? pittsburgh's housing affordability. according to apartments.com, the average rent in the city is 15% lower than the national average, stretching your budget further.ready to find your perfect spot? explore these resources:off-campus housing marketplace: a curated platform connecting cmu students with local housing options.graduate student housing faq: essential information to guide your housing search as a grad student. living in pittsburgh where is carnegie mellon university?cmu is proud to call pittsburgh, pennsylvania home. the city provides an unbeatable combination of affordability and opportunity for our students and staff. with a cost of living at the national average, a thriving innovation ecosystem, and rich cultural offering, the steel city is an ideal place to study and launch your career.home to cutting-edge startups, tech giants and healthcare leaders, pittsburgh contains a wealth of internship and professional opportunities. as a cmu tartan, you'll be at the heart of this energetic environment, surrounded by like-minded peers and industry pioneers. but that's just the beginning of what makes our city shine.spend your weekends exploring world-class museums, historic music venues and award-winning restaurants. or perhaps you’d rather bike along the riverfront trails, hike in nearby parks or cheer on our champion sports teams. whatever your lifestyle, it’s easy to make pittsburgh your home, too. pittsburgh by the numbers live in a city built for your success. the ‘bu