living in pittsburgh where is carnegie mellon university?cmu is proud to call pittsburgh, pennsylvania home. the city provides an unbeatable combination of affordability and opportunity for our students and staff. with a cost of living at the national average, a thriving innovation ecosystem, and rich cultural offering, the steel city is an ideal place to study and launch your career.home to cutting-edge startups, tech giants and healthcare leaders, pittsburgh contains a wealth of internship and professional opportunities. as a cmu tartan, you'll be at the heart of this energetic environment, surrounded by like-minded peers and industry pioneers. but that's just the beginning of what makes our city shine.spend your weekends exploring world-class museums, historic music venues and award-winning restaurants. or perhaps you’d rather bike along the riverfront trails, hike in nearby parks or cheer on our champion sports teams. whatever your lifestyle, it’s easy to make pittsburgh your home, too. pittsburgh by the numbers live in a city built for your success. the ‘burgh has all the ingredients you need to thrive. top 10 rental market for recent college graduates according to realtor.com # 2 best cities to find a job according to wallethub 3,800 acres of city parks to explore, including schenley park, which is adjacent to campus a tech hub nearly 300,000 professionals power pittsburgh's booming tech industries. opportunities multiply through startup accelerators, networking events and an innovative community eager to support the next big idea. robotics and software engineering are the city's tech cornerstones, attracting global giants and nurturing homegrown success stories. google, uber, microsoft and apple have all established significant presences here, while an ever-expanding galaxy of tech startups — including language-learning phenomenon duolingo and fashion innovator modcloth — trace their roots back to carnegie mellon university. hear from cmu students about life in pittsburgh free admission with the cmu arts pass your cmu student id is more than just campus access — it's your key to the city's world-class museums and attractions, all for free. learn about the cmu arts pass. andy warhol museum carnegie museum of art carnegie museum of natural history carnegie science center heinz history center the mattress factory national aviary phipps conservatory & botanical gardens things to do in pittsburgh from serene hikes to cultural adventures, the steel city o