verfront trails, hike in nearby parks or cheer on our champion sports teams. whatever your lifestyle, it’s easy to make pittsburgh your home, too. pittsburgh by the numbers live in a city built for your success. the ‘burgh has all the ingredients you need to thrive. pittsburgh by the numbers live in a city built for your success. the ‘burgh has all the ingredients you need to thrive. live in a city built for your success. the ‘burgh has all the ingredients you need to thrive. top 10 rental market for recent college graduates according to realtor.com # 2 best cities to find a job according to wallethub 3,800 acres of city parks to explore, including schenley park, which is adjacent to campus top 10 rental market for recent college graduates according to realtor.com # 2 best cities to find a job according to wallethub 3,800 acres of city parks to explore, including schenley park, which is adjacent to campus top 10 rental market for recent college graduates according to realtor.com top 10 rental market for recent college graduates according to realtor.com top 10 top 10 rental market for recent college graduates according to realtor.com # 2 best cities to find a job according to wallethub # 2 best cities to find a job according to wallethub # 2 # 2 best cities to find a job according to wallethub 3,800 acres of city parks to explore, including schenley park, which is adjacent to campus 3,800 acres of city parks to explore, including schenley park, which is adjacent to campus 3,800 3,800 acres of city parks to explore, including schenley park, which is adjacent to campus a tech hub nearly 300,000 professionals power pittsburgh's booming tech industries. opportunities multiply through startup accelerators, networking events and an innovative community eager to support the next big idea. robotics and software engineering are the city's tech cornerstones, attracting global giants and nurturing homegrown success stories. google, uber, microsoft and apple have all established significant presences here, while an ever-expanding galaxy of tech startups — including language-learning phenomenon duolingo and fashion innovator modcloth — trace their roots back to carnegie mellon university. a tech hub nearly 300,000 professionals power pittsburgh's booming tech industries. opportunities multiply through startup accelerators, networking events and an innovative community eager to support the next big idea. robotics and software engineering are the city's tech cornerstones,