e of the best italian restaurants in pittsburgh with delicious food, refreshing drinks, cozy seating, and more. details what to eat at kennywood fuel up with iconic pittsburgh eats and sweet treats as you ride the day away details best soup in pittsburgh the soup in pittsburgh is not to be missed. here are a few of our favorites. details pittsburgh’s fish fry-days | 2025 fish fry guide lent is here, which means that it's time for fish fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city! details best donut shops in pittsburgh pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth. details where to enjoy the best mocktails in pittsburgh uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment. details insider’s guide to the top seafood restaurants in pittsburgh discover some of the best seafood restaurants in pittsburgh, where you’ll find both traditional dishes like steamed oysters and modern… details 21 foods you can only get in pittsburgh when you're in pittsburgh, make sure you eat like the locals do. details 21 foods you can only get in pittsburgh when you're in pittsburgh, make sure you eat like the locals do. 21 foods you can only get in pittsburgh when you're in pittsburgh, make sure you eat like the locals do. when you're in pittsburgh, make sure you eat like the locals do. details details details top pierogi places in pittsburgh pittsburgh is home to some of the best pierogi joints in the country, so make sure to check out a… details top pierogi places in pittsburgh pittsburgh is home to some of the best pierogi joints in the country, so make sure to check out a… top pierogi places in pittsburgh pittsburgh is home to some of the best pierogi joints in the country, so make sure to check out a… pittsburgh is home to some of the best pierogi joints in the country, so make sure to check out a… details details details a taste of pittsburgh’s food scene red hot restaurants to add to your next visit to pittsburgh details a taste of pittsburgh’s food scene red hot restaurants to add to your next visit to pittsburgh a taste of pittsburgh’s food scene red hot restaurants to add to your next visit to pittsburgh red hot restaurants to add to your next visit to pittsburgh details details details best food at pnc park ​spending the day watching baseball at pnc park is a real treat. details best food at pnc park ​spending the day watching baseball at pnc park is a real treat. best food at pnc park ​spend