gh discover some of the best italian restaurants in pittsburgh with delicious food, refreshing drinks, cozy seating, and more. 30 best italian restaurants in pittsburgh discover some of the best italian restaurants in pittsburgh with delicious food, refreshing drinks, cozy seating, and more. discover some of the best italian restaurants in pittsburgh with delicious food, refreshing drinks, cozy seating, and more. details details details what to eat at kennywood fuel up with iconic pittsburgh eats and sweet treats as you ride the day away details what to eat at kennywood fuel up with iconic pittsburgh eats and sweet treats as you ride the day away what to eat at kennywood fuel up with iconic pittsburgh eats and sweet treats as you ride the day away fuel up with iconic pittsburgh eats and sweet treats as you ride the day away details details details best soup in pittsburgh the soup in pittsburgh is not to be missed. here are a few of our favorites. details best soup in pittsburgh the soup in pittsburgh is not to be missed. here are a few of our favorites. best soup in pittsburgh the soup in pittsburgh is not to be missed. here are a few of our favorites. the soup in pittsburgh is not to be missed. here are a few of our favorites. details details details pittsburgh’s fish fry-days | 2025 fish fry guide lent is here, which means that it's time for fish fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city! details pittsburgh’s fish fry-days | 2025 fish fry guide lent is here, which means that it's time for fish fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city! pittsburgh’s fish fry-days | 2025 fish fry guide lent is here, which means that it's time for fish fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city! lent is here, which means that it's time for fish fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city! details details details best donut shops in pittsburgh pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth. details best donut shops in pittsburgh pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth. best donut shops in pittsburgh pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth. pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth. details details details where to enjoy the best mocktails in pittsburgh uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment. details where to enjoy the