vegan pittsburgh restaurants, bakeries, sweets and more. details japanese restaurants in pittsburgh enjoy a variety of japanese restaurants in pittsburgh, indulging in traditional flavors, modern twists, and a blend of different cuisines. details 30 best italian restaurants in pittsburgh discover some of the best italian restaurants in pittsburgh with delicious food, refreshing drinks, cozy seating, and more. details what to eat at kennywood fuel up with iconic pittsburgh eats and sweet treats as you ride the day away details best soup in pittsburgh the soup in pittsburgh is not to be missed.

here are a few of our favorites. details pittsburgh’s fish fry-days | 2025 fish fry guide lent is here, which means that it's time for fish fry-days at restaurants, churches and fire halls across the city! details best donut shops in pittsburgh pittsburgh’s donut scene is a true treasure for anyone with a sweet tooth. details where to enjoy the best mocktails in pittsburgh uncover the bars and restaurants with mocktails that perfectly complement any moment. details insider’s guide to the top seafood restaurants in pittsburgh discover some of the best seafood restaurants in pittsburgh, where you’ll find both traditional dishes like steamed oysters and modern… details share your story on social #lovepgh explore more museums from history, art, science, sports and more, pittsburgh museums offer much to be explored. learn more restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media. in our city of multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out. plan your culinary adventure: restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media. in our city of multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out. plan your culinary adventure: restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning