r convenient take-out. plan your culinary adventure: restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media. in our city of multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out. plan your culinary adventure: restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media. in our city of multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out. plan your culinary adventure: restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media. in our city of multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out. plan your culinary adventure: restaurants & culinary global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media. in our city of multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden gems, late-night bites or convenient take-out. plan your culinary adventure: global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods pittsburgh's fantastic food scene is continually getting recognized in national and international media. in our city of multitudes, you'll find globe-spanning cuisine with inspired menus, unique locations and awarded chefs to suit all palates. choose from casual family spots, chef-owned concepts, romantic eateries with a view, tableside jazz hotspots, hidden ge